---- Page 1 ----


---- Page 2 ----
OUR REPORTING SUITE
Our Integrated Report 
is our primary report 
for stakeholders and 
has been prepared to 
provide a balanced 
assessment of the Group’s ability to 
create sustainable value based on our 
short, medium and long-term strategies 
whilst supported by our six capitals. It 
comprises a business review; our annual 
financial statements, which provide a 
comprehensive account of the Group’s 
financial performance for the year; a 
sustainability statement which provides 
an overview of our environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) 
performance; and a governance section, 
which presents detailed reporting of 
our corporate governance statements 
including reports from each Board 
Committee.
Our Sustainability 
Report provides a 
detailed account of  
SD Plantation’s 
approach to sustainability, 
our sustainability governance as well 
as the material matters that we have 
identified and which guide us in 
creating sustainable value for our 
stakeholders. Referencing the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards, it 
also provides a detailed account of 
management’s approach to each 
material matter, our initiatives to 
manage them, and our performance.
INTEGRATED
REPORT 2023
SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT 2023
COVER RATIONALE
SD Plantation’s goal is simple: make 
the industry more sustainable for the 
benefit of everyone. Innovation and 
sustainability are the twin pillars 
guiding our growth, shaping a thriving 
and responsible palm oil industry.  
By harnessing the power of innovation, 
we unlock sustainable solutions that 
benefit our people, communities, and 
the planet. We also embrace 
mechanisation, automation, and 
digitalisation to improve efficiency and 
attract skilled local talent.
INSIDE
What’s  
About This Report 
Doing More With Less, With Game-Changing Innovation 
Overview of Sime Darby Plantation
The Group at a Glance 14
What We Do:  
Core Business Segments
15
Our Integrated Value Chain 16
Corporate Milestones 18
Key Messages
Chairman’s Message 4
Group Managing Director’s Review 8
Value Creation at  
Sime Darby Plantation
SD Plantation’s Integrated 
Approach to Value Creation
20
Our Value Creating Business Model 22
Stakeholder Engagement:  
Needs and Expectations
25
The Value We Create 28
How We Distribute Value Created 31
Management Discussion and Analysis
Strategic Review
Material Matters 32
Our Market Landscape 36
Managing Our Key Risks 41
Our Strategy Blueprint 48
Review of Strategic Performance 49
Financial Review 
Chief Financial Officer’s Review52
5-Year Group Financial Summary 56
Simplified Statements  
of Financial Position
57
Segmental Analysis 58
Statement of Value Added  
& Value Distribution
59
Quarterly Performance 59
3-Year Plantation Statistics 60
Financial Calendar 62
Investor Relations 63
Business Review 
Upstream 68
Sime Darby Oils 73
Renewables 77
Research & Development 81
Sustainability Statement
A Summary of  
Our Sustainability Report
86
Sustainability Highlights 89
Performance Data Table 92
Leadership
Corporate Information 94
Board at a Glance 95
Board of Directors’ Profiles 96
Senior Leadership Team 100
Governance
Chairman’s Statement on  
Corporate Governance
102
Corporate Governance  
Overview Statement
103
Governance &  
Audit Committee Report 
112
Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee Report
118
Sustainability Committee Report 123
Board Tender Committee Report 125
Risk Management  
Committee Report
126
Statement on Risk Management  
and Internal Control
127
Statement of Responsibility 
by the Board of Directors
136
Additional Compliance Information 137
Financial Statements
Additional Information
Directors’ Report 138
Statements of Profit or Loss 143
Statements of  
Comprehensive Income
144
Statements of Financial Position 145
Consolidated Statement  
of Changes in Equity 
147
Company Statement  
of Changes in Equity
148
Statements of Cash Flows 149
Notes to the Financial Statements 155
Statement by Directors 263
Statutory Declaration 263
Independent Auditors’ Report 264
Properties of the Group 268
Analysis of Shareholdings 274
Notice of Annual General Meeting 277
Statement Accompanying  
Notice of Annual General Meeting
284

---- Page 3 ----
About
This Report
SCOPE AND BOUNDARY
OF REPORTING
Contents of this report cover the 
operations of SD Plantation including our 
subsidiaries and joint ventures during the 
financial year period from 1 January 2023 
to 31 December 2023, unless stated 
otherwise.
TARGETED READERS 
This report has been prepared primarily 
for the providers of financial capital, 
namely our investors, financiers and 
shareholders. It is also relevant to any 
stakeholder interested in how we balance 
our vision for growth against 
environmental and social imperatives 
while upholding good corporate 
governance.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
In this report we have included certain 
forward-looking statements relating to 
future performance. Such statements are 
premised on current assumptions and 
circumstances which could change, hence 
they necessarily involve uncertainty. As 
various factors could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by these forward-looking 
statements, readers are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on them.
MATERIALITY
In preparing contents for this report, we 
have been guided by matters that are of 
material interest to the providers of 
financial capital and other stakeholders. 
These material matters have been 
determined by extensive stakeholder 
engagement as well as internal 
evaluation. They also reflect existing and 
emerging risks and opportunities which 
could affect SD Plantation’s ability to 
create value. 
REPORTING FRAMEWORK
All financial statements in this report 
have been prepared in accordance with 
the requirement of the: 
•  Main Market Listing Requirements 
issued by Bursa Malaysia 
•  Corporate Governance Guide (3rd 
Edition) issued by Bursa Malaysia
•  Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance (MCCG) 2021 issued by 
Securities Commission Malaysia
• Companies Act 2016 
•  Malaysian Financial Reporting 
Standards
Our non-financial statements, including 
climate-related disclosures, have been 
guided by the:
• Taskforce on Climate-related Financial  
 Disclosures (TCFD) 
•  Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard 
•  Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) Sector Specific 
Disclosures 
•  International Federations of Accounts 
for International Standard on 
Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 
•  ACCA Malaysia Sustainability 
Reporting Guidelines for Malaysian 
Companies 
FEEDBACK
We welcome all inquiries, comments and 
feedback on our Integrated Report in order 
to clarify issues and to further improve our 
reporting. Please communicate with us 
through:
 communications@simedarbyplantation.com
 +(603) 7848 4000
CROSS REFERENCES
You can find more information within 
the report
You can find more information online 
in our corporate website: 
www.simedarbyplantation.com
NAVIGATING OUR REPORT
This report is interactive. You’ll find 
these tools throughout the Report:
Home
Back to contents page
Print
Next/Previous Page
Back to contents page


---- Page 4 ----
Doing More With Less,
With Game-Changing 
Innovation
Fewer Hands,
And Lighter Work
Enhanced Production Without Land Expansion
With our high-yielding GenomeSelect™ seeds, we can produce more palm oil yield from our 
estates. This means:
As we continue to push ahead with our mechanisation, automation and 
digitalisation (MAD) agenda, we are revolutionising the plantation industry, 
overcoming perennial challenges of:
• Substantially more yield on existing land
• Preservation of natural carbon sinks
• Biodiversity enhancement as natural habitats are preserved
• Financial savings from not having to purchase more land
• Labour shortage to carry out manual work
• Lack of skilled workers
• Perception of being labour-intensive and low-paying 

---- Page 5 ----
Doing More With Less,
With Game-Changing 
Innovation
Delivering Value 
for a Sustainable & 
Brighter Future
Southeast 
Asia’s largest 
genotyping lab 
was set up in 
Serdang, Malaysia 
at a cost of 
RM150 million.
SD Plantation 
started work in 
sequencing the 
oil palm genome 
and successfully 
completed the 
work in 2009.
2015 2016
The first 
GenomeSelect™️ 
seeds, renowned 
for their high yield 
and stability, 
were successfully 
produced and 
commercially 
planted by the 
company in 2016.
2019 2023
Harvest from 
first batch of 
GenomeSelect™️ 
palms produced 
20% more yield 
than conventional 
palms.
GenomeSelect™️ 
seeds, 
commercialised for 
sale to local and 
international palm 
oil players for the 
first time .
2020
Published our 
genome research
in the public 
domain to 
accelerate 
industry-wide 
research.
Increased 
Mechanisation
To date, about 700 
machines have been rolled 
out across our Malaysian 
estates covering all non-
harvesting operations from 
weeding to rat baiting, 
sanitation and manuring.
Drones
Development of “digital 
workforce” of drones 
and unmanned ground 
vehicles (UGV) for 
plantation work.
UGVs
Plans for the use of UGVs 
in fertiliser application 
and automation of 
harvesting operations are 
underway.
Robotics
We use data and robotics 
to improve productivity 
and efficiency of our 
operations.
Our journey towards producing the award-winning GenomeSelect™ began 16 years ago:
With increasingly advanced innovation, we have over the years become less and less 
dependent on hard labour. 
NEW INNOVATIONS IN 2023
In 2023, we introduced:
• a new Geospacial-AI system enabling us to identify Ganoderma fungus-infected palms
• a new Point-to-Point drone spraying technology to control the Oryctes rhinoceros beetle
• a new method of drone baiting (R-Drop) to apply Rodenticide  
2007

---- Page 6 ----
Dear Stakeholders,
I first joined the Board of Sime Darby Plantation (SD Plantation or the Group) as an Independent Non-Executive Director 
in June 2022 and was appointed Chairman a year later, upon the retirement of Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Haji Megat Najmuddin 
Datuk Seri Dr Haji Megat Khas. It is an honour and privilege to helm the Board of a prominent establishment; one that 
has entrenched its position among the largest producers of certified sustainable palm oil in the world.
Over our long history, SD Plantation has pioneered agricultural best practices and several sustainability initiatives. Today, 
we are proud to be the first palm oil company to have our net-zero targets approved by the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi). This validation came a year after we announced our commitment to achieving net-zero greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions across our value chain by 2050, in line with the Paris Agreement target to limit the rise in global 
temperature to no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius. We have made equal strides in ensuring our operations are cleared of 
forced labour, setting the benchmark for the industry. 
As Chairman, I see it as my duty to ensure SD Plantation continues in the trajectory towards a future that lives up to our 
200-year legacy. Together with my fellow Board members and the leadership team, I look forward to guiding the Group 
into the next phase of our growth.
Message
Chairman’s
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  
page 4
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 7 ----
We have demonstrated 
resilience across the 
teams that have worked 
diligently to navigate 
through volatilities 
within the industry and 
global economy.
“
“
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
Integrated Report 2023 page 5
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 8 ----
Chairman’s Message
A WATERSHED YEAR FOR INTEGRITY
Challenges are inevitable in any industry but are more 
pronounced in ours given the scale of our operations, our large 
employee population, and the potential environmental and 
social impact. To manage these challenges, players have been 
adopting increasingly more responsible practices. Guided by our 
core values as well as the principles of the Roundtable on 
Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), SD Plantation has from the outset 
implemented comprehensive policies and procedures to 
safeguard the environment and support our internal and 
external communities. Nevertheless, our journey has taught us 
that there can be no room for complacency. To uphold integrity 
across our value chain consistently, it is critical that we 
continuously review our frameworks and, more importantly, 
strengthen our mechanisms to monitor efficacy.
It was inspiring to see the tenacity of the team at SD Plantation 
when addressing the import restrictions imposed by the United 
States Customs and Border Protection (USCBP). Beyond having 
this import restriction lifted, the Board was pleased with the 
development and implementation of a more rigorous Migrant 
Worker Responsible Recruitment Procedure (RRP). We also 
welcomed the move to implement key enablers that empower 
our workers to voice any concerns without fear of reprisal or 
other repercussions.
I am humbled by the commitment among the management team 
and those in operations who are implementing various new 
initiatives and monitoring their impacts. Sweeping changes are 
never easy; thus, there will be constant focus to ensure 
continued adherence to all the new programmes introduced. 
STRONG OPERATIONAL & FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
The year 2023 was one of mixed blessings. While the weather 
was largely conducive to oil palm growth and fresh fruit bunch 
(FFB) production, the continuing labour shortage in our 
Malaysian operations hindered optimum performance in the first 
half of the year. Nevertheless, by the third quarter we were 
able to bring in a sufficient number of workers to meet our 
needs. This allowed the Malaysian team to push ahead with a 
massive rehabilitation programme whilst implementing ongoing 
operational excellence initiatives. The result was a marked 
increase in crude palm oil (CPO) and palm kernel (PK) yields in 
our home market.
In our downstream operations, Sime Darby Oils (SDO) continued 
to pursue business transformation programmes, achieving 
positive results in the areas of digitalisation, safety, and 
innovation. Working closely with our mills and the Research & 
Development team, SDO has been able to produce healthier 
oils, which will be well received by our customers. 
A milestone development this year was the commercialisation of 
GenomeSelect™ seeds which were developed in-house, and 
promises 10% – 34% more oil yield per hectare. Launched in 
the market in November 2023, sales to date have been 
encouraging, with take-up from both local and international 
players.
Overall, the Group achieved a revenue of RM18.43 billion, 12% 
lower year-on-year (YoY), while our profit attributable to equity 
holders of the Company came in at RM1.86 billion, 25% lower 
YoY, mainly because of the 15% decrease in realised CPO price. 
Based on these numbers, the Board has approved a final 
dividend of 6.05 sen per share. This, combined with the interim 
dividend of 3.25 sen per share and special interim dividend of 
5.70 sen per share, translates to a total single tier dividend of 
15.00 sen per share for FY2023. The Group has consistently met 
our dividend policy since the listing in 2017. 
BUILDING OUR SUSTAINABILITY SCORECARD
The validation of our SBTi targets in 2023 illustrates the 
Group’s steadfast commitment towards mitigating and 
addressing our impact on climate change.
By studying the potential impacts from rising sea levels and 
how it could affect our operations, we will continually evolve to 
adapt our efforts in sustainability. Our climate-related 
disclosures, an example of our commitment to transparency, are 
GenomeSelect™ seeds which were developed in-house, promises  
10% – 34% more oil yield per hectare.
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  page 6
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 9 ----
guided by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. Looking ahead, we aim to 
align these disclosures with the financial reporting requirements 
of the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB). Our 
objective is to provide stakeholders with more detailed and 
transparent climate-related reporting that meets their 
expectations and needs.
ENHANCED GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
At the heart of our operations lies a commitment to good 
governance. Guided by the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance (MCCG) issued by the Securities Commission 
Malaysia, Bursa Malaysia’s Main Market Listing Requirements 
(MMLR), and their equivalents in each country where we 
operate, we continuously enhance our practices to meet 
evolving standards.
We have further strengthened our Board diversity, with 40% of 
the Board comprising women directors, up from 30% last year. 
Following the annual review of our Code of Business Conduct 
(COBC), we also made revisions to our Conflict of Interest 
Guidelines and other internal policies.
Succession planning is another area that the Board focusses on 
as it is critical to leadership continuity. We nurture and develop 
talent to meet our present and future needs. Individuals 
showing exceptional potential are provided with accelerated 
development opportunities curated to enhance their skills. 
Employees who have been identified to take on critical 
positions are enrolled in prestigious executive education 
programmes, including those offered by the International 
Institute for Management Development (IMD), Harvard and the 
Center for Creative Leadership (CCL) for a more intense 
leadership development experience. Our talent also benefits 
from the dedicated support provided by executive coaches to 
guide them through their leadership journey. 
Our senior management attended the EY Disruptive Technology Programme at Silicon Valley, California, USA, in September 2023.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The last few years have been particularly challenging for 
SD  Plantation, yet we have emerged stronger, to chart the way 
forward to a brighter future. We have demonstrated resilience 
across the teams that have worked diligently to navigate 
through volatilities within the industry and global economy.  
To our Management and employees, thank you for your hard 
work and dedication to our shared goals and vision.
To my colleagues on the Board of Directors, thank you for  
your vote of confidence in electing me Chairman, as well as for 
continuing to guide the Group with wisdom and integrity.  
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend a special  
note of gratitude to our previous Chairman, Tan Sri Dato’ Seri 
Haji Megat Najmuddin Datuk Seri Dr Haji Megat Khas,  
who retired on 15 June 2023, for his leadership through some 
difficult times; as well as to Senator Datuk Seri Amir Hamzah 
Azizan, who stepped down from the Board on 12 December 
2023 following his appointment as Finance Minister II.  
We would also like to welcome Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa,  
who joined us on 23 August 2023 as Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director and, at 43, has the distinction of being 
our youngest Board member; Jenifer Thien Bit Leong, who came 
on board on 22 December 2023 as an Independent Non-
Executive Director; and our most recent addition, Sharifah 
Sheila Syed Muhamad, who joined us as a Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director on 5 February 2024, replacing Senator 
Datuk Seri Amir Hamzah Azizan. With these new appointments, 
I expect robust discussions that will benefit all of us, 
particularly the company we are all dedicated to. 
I also record my sincere appreciation to all our external 
stakeholders who have been integral to the many milestones we 
have achieved. To each of our shareholders, customers, 
suppliers and partners, thank you; with your continued support 
we can look forward to a promising future for SD Plantation.
TAN SRI DR NIK NORZRUL THANI NIK HASSAN THANI
Chairman
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
Integrated Report 2023 page 7
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 10 ----
The year 2023 was significant in more ways than one, as it marked ‘new beginnings’ for Sime Darby Plantation (SD Plantation or the 
Group) when we demonstrated resilience, the capacity to pivot and refresh, and the willingness to embrace change. 
The year was marked by overcoming the ban imposed by the United States (US) Government on our products; resolution of a legacy 
legal issue in one of our operations; and addressing two years’ worth of labour shortage issues that had impacted productivity. 
Another milestone was the commercialisation of our GenomeSelect™ seeds, the culmination of 16 years of research into oil palm 
genomics. We expect to make inroads into key markets, opening a whole new avenue for growth. Importantly, we continue to 
develop interesting leads and explore options and opportunities in the innovation journey we embarked on in 2021. In essence, we 
emerged from the year revitalised and ready for a new phase of growth in an industry that is evolving. 
It gives me pleasure to present a review of our performance.
A YEAR OF TWO HALVES
The year got off to an uncertain start. The United States Customs 
and Border Protection (USCBP) ban was still in place and the labour 
shortage that began in the pandemic years was still hindering 
plantation operations. 
Nearly a year after the submission of our report to the US 
Government, on 3 February 2023 the ban was lifted, and we 
resumed exports to the US. This was the result of rigorous efforts to 
review, revise and, where necessary, upgrade our protocols for 
recruiting, managing and engaging with our workers. However, by 
then, our Malaysian plantations were in dire need of rehabilitation, a 
task that was impossible earlier due to the labour shortage.
Thus, we focussed on two priorities in tandem, namely, recruiting 
the workers needed for our upstream operations, and increasing 
efforts to find solutions to reduce dependence on manual labour. 
The latter, codenamed Project Infinity, is about transforming 
SD  Plantation into an Industrial Revolution 4.0 organisation through 
the adoption of mechanisation, automation and digitalisation.
We started the year short of about 5,000 workers. With diligence 
and persistence, we were able to address the deficit in phases, 
achieving our goal by the end of the third quarter. At the same 
time, supported by highly capable Research & Development (R&D) 
and Digital teams, we continued to explore several cutting-edge 
technologies around the world, including the use of autonomous 
vehicles and drones to substantially enhance the productivity of our 
plantations.
The expedited recruitment of workers helped significantly to 
increase both our plantation yield and the quality of our harvested 
fresh fruit bunches (FFB), cushioning the effects of lower crude palm 
oil (CPO) and palm kernel (PK) prices. For the year as a whole, the 
Group’s FFB production in Malaysia increased 18% year-on-year 
(YoY) to 4.15 million metric tons (MT), while our oil extraction rate 
(OER) was 20.40%, as compared to 19.99% in 2022. Over in 
Indonesia, unusually hot and dry weather weather due to the early 
effects of El Nino led to a 3% decline in productivity to 2.68 million 
MT; however, OER increased from 21.32% in 2022 to 21.66% as a 
result of replanted areas coming to maturity. In Papua New Guinea 
and the Solomon Islands, shrinking mature areas due to aggressive 
replanting, as well as heavy rains that affected harvesting, led to 
both production and OER declining marginally, the former by 2% to 
1.87 million MT and the latter by 0.62% to 22.06%, still the highest 
rate across the Group. Results for the Group collectively were 
extremely encouraging, with overall FFB production increasing 6% 
to 8.71 million MT and OER improving by 0.08% to 21.18%.
In the downstream operations, Sime Darby Oils (SDO) overcame the 
challenges faced in 2023, achieving higher refining margins, 
particularly in Europe and Africa, with an impressive 166% YoY 
growth. This remarkable achievement was driven by firm selling 
prices and reduced costs resulting from lower feedstock prices and 
decreased energy costs. Furthermore, SDO demonstrated its 
dedication to sustainability and market responsiveness by 
experiencing a significant 144% increase in physical sales of fully 
segregated and mass balance oils. 
Group Managing  
   Director’s
Review
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  page 8
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 11 ----
We leverage on 
mechanisation, 
automation and 
digitalisation to  
increase efficiencies, 
drive productivity and, 
ultimately, secure our 
sustainability.
“
“
Integrated Report 2023 page 9
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284
Sustainability
Statement

---- Page 12 ----
Group Managing Director’s Review
Mainly as a result of the 15% decrease in the average CPO price 
realised, from RM4,456 per MT in 2022 to RM3,772 per MT in 2023, 
SD Plantation’s revenue decreased by 12% to RM18.43 billion. 
Profitability, meanwhile, was impacted by higher cost and lower 
downstream profits, leading to a net profit of RM1.86 billion 
compared to RM2.45 billion in 2022.
  For more information on our financial performance, please read our CFO’s Review on 
pages 52 to 55 of this report.
CORPORATE UPDATES
As part of an asset rationalisation programme, we disposed of 
our equity stake in two plantations in Indonesia – PT 
Ladangrumpun Suburabadi (LSI) and PT Sajang Heulang (SHE) 
– for IDR1.75 trillion (approximately RM530.25 million). The sale 
enabled us to settle an IDR1.65 trillion (about RM488.4 million) 
legal claim in early 2022, while resolving a legacy dispute 
matter.
In Malaysia, we have started to convert our rubber estates to 
alternative land uses, including solar development, that offer 
higher returns. If they agree, workers from the rubber estates 
will be redeployed to our oil palm plantations, where there is 
alignment to operational needs.
MOVING FORWARD
If we had to state just one reason why SD Plantation has thrived 
for more than 200 years, it is that we have constantly adapted 
to change, often leading the charge towards new frontiers in 
the industry. In 2022, as our last five-year strategy was coming 
to an end, we developed a new charter that considered shifts in 
the global environment. This roadmap, rolled out in 2023, has 
catalysed a high level of collaboration across functions Group-
wide, bringing the entire team together to achieve the goals set 
in Operational Excellence, Innovation and Sustainability, which 
will serve to sustain our market leadership.
Operational Excellence
We leverage on mechanisation, automation and digitalisation 
(MAD) to increase efficiencies, drive productivity and, 
ultimately, secure our sustainability. As of at the end of 2023, 
705 machines have been rolled out in our Malaysian estates, 
covering all non-harvesting operations, namely weeding, rat 
baiting, sanitation and manuring. This includes 10 new machines 
and a new Geospatial Analytic (Geo-AI) programme introduced 
in 2023. The Geo-AI system integrates our mapping capabilities, 
thus enabling us to identify Ganoderma fungus-infected palms. 
As a result of MAD, we are gradually reducing our labour 
requirements. In 2023 itself, we were able to reduce our 
non-harvesting workforce in Upstream Malaysia by 1,723 
workers. Our end goal is to achieve a land to man ratio of 
17.5ha:1, from 12.7ha:1 today, (which is already better than the 
industry average of 8ha:1), with Phase 1 aiming to achieve a 
ratio of 15ha:1 before 2027. The most challenging, and labour-
intensive aspect of plantation operations to mechanise is 
harvesting. To date, no oil palm plantation has been able to 
achieve this ‘holy grail’, and hence it is exciting that we are 
making credible progress in this area. Several harvesting 
prototypes are currently being tested and we hope to finally 
roll out one or more of these in the future.  
We aspire to achieve a 100% local workforce for all non-
harvesting work in our Upstream Malaysia operations by 
end-2027. With automation and machinery taking over 
physically demanding tasks, we will be able to attract more 
Malaysians to undertake tech-related functions that would also 
command higher salaries. Since the pandemic and restrictions 
on the recruitment of foreign workers, we have intensified all 
efforts to recruit more Malaysians, and have achieved notable 
success, attracting a total of 9,857 locals through various 
recruitment drives. Of this number, about 700 of our new 
recruits are in high-value jobs such as machine specialists, 
assistant technicians and field officers. We are also 
collaborating with technical and vocational education training 
(TVET) centers to equip students and trainees with skills that 
are relevant to plantation operations. We are also focussing on 
attracting more women to join the workforce, particularly in 
areas which have been mechanised. This will serve to dispel the 
notion that plantations are for men only, and go a long way 
towards creating the gender equality that we seek to achieve.
Innovation
The spirit of innovation continues to drive our operational 
excellence, and stems from the work being carried out in our 
R&D centres. In upstream operations, we created a 
breakthrough in 2009 by deciphering the oil palm genome. 
Through commercial-scale field testing, GenomeSelect™ has 
demonstrated an increased oil yield per ha of 10% - 34%. We 
have been progressively replanting our Malaysian  estates with 
this seed since 2016, covering more than 10,000 ha to date and 
is set to increase significantly from this year onwards. We have 
sufficient seeds for more than 80% of our current requirement 
and are projected to have surplus quantities after 2026. This 
We aspire to achieve a  
100% local workforce for  
all non-harvesting work in  
our Upstream Malaysia  
operations by end-2027.
“ “
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  page 10
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 13 ----
inspired us to allocate some 300,000 seeds for sale to our 
partners in early November 2023. From an innovation that 
served our own purposes, GenomeSelect™ is set to become a 
viable business on its own. 
Also in upstream operations, our digital experts continue to 
develop more platforms for precision agriculture and plantation 
management. This year, various upgrades were made to Palm 
Digital, our plantation management application which helps to 
improve our fertiliser management processes, digitise in-field 
operations and improve yields through data-driven decisions. 
The team is also working on expanding the use of autonomous 
vehicles and drones, pushing the boundaries as we seek 
solutions for challenging tasks. We believe that one day, these 
will be common sights in our plantations.
Meanwhile, collaborating closely with mills across the Group, 
our biotechnologists have developed oil mill procedures and 
analytical protocols allowing us to reduce to almost zero the 
mineral oil saturated hydrocarbons (MOSH) and mineral oil 
aromatic hydrocarbons (MOAH) contaminants in our products. 
This is a significant achievement as it opens many markets for 
SDO’s pure and healthy oils, adding another feather in our cap 
as we continue to seek excellence in quality, sustainability, 
innovation and digitalisation. This will further differentiate our 
oil with other players in the industry since we believe Not All 
Palm Oil is Created Equal.
Sustainability
SD Plantation was one of the founding members of the RSPO in 
2004. We fully acknowledge the onus on oil palm players to 
adopt environmentally friendly and socially inclusive practices 
to minimise the negative impacts that have traditionally been 
associated with our industry. This has led to the Group 
becoming a frontrunner in the early adoption of best practices 
in sustainability. In 2023, we have continued to focus on three 
sustainability priorities – climate action, human rights and 
responsible sourcing.  
Climate Action
In support of the global transition to a low-carbon economy, we 
have set the target of achieving 50% non-Forest, Land and 
Agriculture (FLAG) carbon emissions reduction by 2030 and 
net-zero emissions by 2050, from a 2020 baseline. We have also 
developed a Net-Zero Roadmap to steer us towards these goals. 
In November 2023, the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 
approved our near-term and net-zero targets, making us the 
world’s first palm oil company to attain this recognition. 
Guided by our Net-Zero Roadmap, we are increasing our 
investments in renewable energy (RE). In 2023, we completed 
two biogas plants in our operations and began the construction 
of three more as we work towards a total of 45 plants by 2030. 
We also secured a 15 Megawatt quota for the development of 
our first solar plant in Bukit Selarong, Kedah, Malaysia, under 
the Energy Commission’s Corporate Green Power Programme 
(CGPP). In addition, we continue to install solar rooftops in all 
feasible buildings in our operations, including our headquarters; 
and solar-powered fertigation systems in our estates. 
We committed to No Deforestation, No Peat and No 
Exploitation (NDPE) in 2016. Meanwhile, large-scale tree 
planting and reforestation initiatives are underway in an effort 
to build up natural carbon sinks. During the year, we planted 
470,641 trees in partnership with Nestlé Malaysia under its 
RELeaf Programme in Malaysia. We are also working with the 
Malaysian Palm Oil Green Conservation Foundation (MPOGCF) 
as co-founders of a project to restore 400 ha of peatland in 
Sarawak. The first phase of this initiative was launched in 
January 2024.
Our commitment to emissions reduction and responsible 
practices in general extends across our supply chain. I’m pleased 
to share that, because of regular engagements with our 
suppliers, 75% of them comply with the principles of NDPE.
We have sufficient GenomeSelect™ seeds for more than 80% of our current 
requirement.
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
Integrated Report 2023 page 11
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 14 ----
Human Rights
While we take pride in respecting and upholding human rights, 
the USCBP action against the Group was a wake-up call to the 
gaps that existed in areas not within our immediate line of 
sight. Following the USCBP ban, we conducted a thorough 
review of all protocols related to the International Labour 
Organization (ILO) 11 indicators of forced labour and, where 
necessary, revised or upgraded these guidelines. Our 
commitment to the highest standards of human rights practices 
was not only acknowledged by the US agency, but it was also 
validated by the RSPO in its own assessments, the final one 
conducted in May 2023. 
We have since extended the exemplary practices implemented 
in Malaysia to enhance workers’ welfare, into our global 
plantations. There is now more open dialogue with workers in 
Indonesia, where we have also made available an independent 
grievance channel and deployed a mobile application that 
quickens housing repairs. Meanwhile, in Papua New Guinea and 
the Solomon Islands, we have initiated a 10-year workers’ 
housing improvement plan in line with ILO and national housing 
standards.
Responsible Sourcing
As one of the world’s largest producers of certified sustainable 
palm oil (CSPO), we engage extensively with and support our 
smallholders to enhance their agriculture practices and attain 
the relevant sustainability certifications. To date, no less than 
18,000 of our smallholders are RSPO certified. During the year, 
three Indonesian suppliers achieved RSPO certification, and 
another obtained the Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO) 
certification. 
Another major exercise is the enhancement of our existing 
system to enable traceability of the palm oil we buy from third 
parties. This presents an opportunity for us to build trust with 
our customers. Thanks to a robust traceability system, our 
Traceability to Mill (TTM) currently stands at 93.2%, while our 
Traceability to Plantation (TTP) is at 70.9%. We are actively 
working to increase our TTP, exploring different solutions for 
spot market purchases through indirect suppliers who might 
lack immediate information about their upstream sources.
DEVELOPING & EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE
It is a fact that we are only as good as our people. We 
therefore strive to attract the best talent and, subsequently, 
nurture and help them realise their true potential. In addition to 
providing broad-based training and development programmes, 
we identify skills that are required by the Group and shape our 
training to cater to these. 
Today, as we transition into a high-tech, data-driven 
organisation, we are investing heavily into upskilling our people 
in various digital areas. In 2023, we launched our own Digital 
Academy, offering a range of modules, from the basics to more 
advanced. We are also leveraging the digital platform to 
empower self-directed learning. In June, we launched a Learning 
on Demand (LoD) programme powered by LinkedIn, offering 
more than 10,000 courses and videos for individual and team 
development. We have seen encouraging responses to this, with 
more than 1,847 employees completing over 159,554 modules 
on a variety of topics. 
1 S&P: Commodities 2024: Palm oil sees global recovery on biodiesel demand, stagnant supplies, 22 December 2023
Group Managing Director’s Review
Our upstream operations are actively expanding the utilisation of 
autonomous vehicles and drones to perform tasks and push technological 
boundaries.
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  page 12
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 15 ----
In addition to professional development, we are placing greater 
emphasis on employee well-being. Since the pandemic, we have 
noticed increased stress levels, inspiring us to partner with 
NALURI, a Malaysia-based specialist in employee assistance 
programmes, to enhance our wellness initiatives. Concentrating 
initially on mental health, the programme has expanded to 
encompass physical and financial wellness. Employees in 
Malaysia also have access to a 24/7 wellness careline which is 
operated on a confidential basis. 
“ “
Today, as we transition into  
a high-tech, data-driven 
organisation, we are investing 
heavily into upskilling our people
in various digital areas.
OUTLOOK
In 2024, industry pundits are predicting that CPO production in 
Malaysia will remain stable at around 18.7 million MT, whilst 
Indonesia’s CPO production will remain stagnant, with dry 
weather, precipitated by El Nino, weighing down on yields. At 
the same time, demand for palm oil is expected to increase, not 
just for food applications but also as a biodiesel feedstock. In 
tandem with the Indonesian Government’s B35 programme, 
demand to meet the country’s biodiesel needs will grow 
substantially and in 2024 may even exceed that for food.1
With the potential reduction in supply and corresponding 
increase in demand, SD Plantation looks forward to brighter 
prospects. Thanks to having overcome our labour shortage, 
acceleration of our mechanisation/automation programme, and 
replanting with our GenomeSelectTM, we are confident of 
stronger production and yield. Meanwhile, efforts to enhance 
quality and efficiencies in our downstream operations are 
bearing fruit and will create more growth opportunities. These 
will be supported by significantly enhanced production capacity 
once the Sei Mangkei refinery in Indonesia is completed. The 
refinery is our biggest downstream investment in Indonesia, and 
we look forward to its commercialisation.  
As we enter a new chapter of growth, we will be guided by our 
Strategy Blueprint which will ensure continued sustainability, 
creating value for the Group and for all our stakeholders. I am 
taking this opportunity to thank our shareholders and the entire 
SD Plantation family, from our Board of Directors to everyone in 
our workforce, for coming together in 2023. By Championing 
Innovation, Advancing Sustainability, we have further 
strengthened the Group’s fundamentals, planting the seeds for 
a sustainably bright future.
DATUK MOHAMAD HELMY OTHMAN BASHA
Group Managing Director
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
Integrated Report 2023 page 13
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 16 ----
Return on
Shareholders’ Equity
10.5%
EBITDA
billion
RM4.36
(2022: RM 4.99 billion)
Total Assets
billion
RM31.90 
(2022: RM 31.1 billion)
Basic Earnings per share
sen
26.9
Financial Highlights
Certification
Key Highlights
Awards & Recognitions
•  ASEAN Energy Awards (AEA), 2 nd Runner 
Up, Energy - On Grid Category
•   MDBC Innovation & Sustainability Awards 
(MISA 2023), Winner, Outstanding 
Malaysian Investor in the Netherlands
•   ESG Positive Impacts Awards 2022, Silver 
Award, Governance, Reporting and 
Transparency (Governance Category)
•   ESG Positive Impacts Awards 2022, Silver 
Award, Human Rights & Labour Standards 
(Social Category)
Indonesia 
Sustainable
Palm Oil (ISPO)
Malaysian 
Sustainable
Palm Oil 
(MSPO)
Indices RepresentationCredit Ratings
FITCH RATINGS MOODY’S INVESTORS 
SERVICE (MOODY’S) 
BBB BAA2
STABLE STABLE
MALAYSIA RATING 
CORPORATION BERHAD
STABLE
AAA
•  ESG Positive Impacts Awards 2022, Silver 
Award, Waste Management (Environment 
Category)
•  ESG Positive Impacts Awards 2022, Gold 
Award, Transformation (Others Category)
•   ESG Positive Impacts Awards 2022, Gold 
Award, Supply Chain Management 
(Others Category)
•   HR Excellence Awards 2023, Bronze 
Award, Talent Management
•   Human Resource Development Awards 
2023, Certificate of Excellence
•   PwC Malaysia’s Building Trust Awards 
2023, Third Place (FBM KLCI category)
Roundtable on 
Sustainable 
Palm Oil (RSPO)
Profit Before Interest and Tax
RM2.93
billion
(2022: RM3.62 billion)
Revenue
RM18.43
billion
(2022: RM21.03 billion)
Net Dividend Per Share
14.7 sen
(2022: 16.0 sen)
Present in
over 90
countries
Operating in
12 countries
Oil Extraction
Rate
21.18%
Sales Volume 
3,393,000
Metric Ton
Total
Employees
Globally
>84,000
Produce
12%
of global
certified sustainable 
palm oil
RSPO-1106024
MSPO/4-3-0010
MALA YSIA N
SUST AINABLE  PALM OIL
Sustainable Palm Oil Transparency Toolkit
4
th
Place
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  page 14
14-19 20-31 32-854-13
The Group at a Glance

---- Page 17 ----
Papua New Guinea
and Solomon Islands
146,790 ha
Sime Darby Plantation (SD Plantation) is involved in the upstream and downstream sectors of the palm oil 
industry as well as renewable energy (RE), each supported by strong research & development (R&D) capabilities.
UPSTREAM
Our upstream business encompasses the end-to-end 
production of crude palm oil (CPO), from the 
development of seeds to the nurturing of oil palm 
seedlings in our nurseries, through to plantation and 
harvesting operations, and finally milling of fresh fruit 
bunches (FFB) to produce CPO and palm kernel (PK). 
This extensive chain comprises 234 estates and 68 palm 
oil mills in Malaysia, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and 
the Solomon Islands. In addition, we grow sugarcane 
and rear cattle.
Malaysia
340,953 ha
Indonesia
242,127 ha
DOWNSTREAM
Our downstream operations, represented by
Sime Darby Oils (SDO), produce and market oils and fats, 
oleochemicals, palm oil-based biodiesel, nutraceuticals as 
well as other palm oil derivatives via a network of 
refineries, kernel crushing plants and sales offices across 
11 countries in Asia, Oceania, Europe, Africa and the 
United States of America (USA).
RENEWABLES
Our commitment to sustainability led to the development of 
Sime Darby Plantation Renewable Energy Sdn Bhd (SDPRE), 
which focusses on value accretive activities in the renewable 
energy sector. Leveraging on assets and by-products of our 
core business, we are involved in solar, biogas and biomass 
projects that contribute to the Group’s goal of achieving 
net-zero emissions across our value chain by 2050. We 
participate in various business capacities ranging from 
supplying feedstock to being a landowner and investor.
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
Our R&D capabilities encompass all research 
requirements across our integrated value chain.
Through strategic and operational R&D, we are 
committed to developing, applying and transferring 
relevant knowledge, research findings and technologies 
to improve productivity and yields in our plantations
and milling processes while empowering our downstream 
operations to produce the highest quality refined and 
customised products for customers. Through R&D,
we also advance all our sustainability efforts, with a 
focus on protecting the safety of our people and 
well-being of the planet and its biodiversity.
Total Landbank
729,870 ha
Total Planted Hectarage
568,323 ha
11 refineries – total 
capacity of 3.99 million 
metric ton (MT) per year
Others: 
1 total bulking installation 
4 kernel crushing plants 
1 biodiesel plant   
1 soya crushing plant  
2 copra mills
1,060 MWh
electricity generated 
from rooftop solar 
installations
Total avoided emissions 
of 65,818 tCO2e
through effective biogas
electricity exportation
Our operations are located in:
Total Landbank
 Germany
 The Netherlands
 USA
 United Kingdom
 Papua New Guinea
 Malaysia
 Indonesia
 Singapore
 Thailand
 China
 South Africa
in Malaysia, the Netherlands 
and South Africa
Fully operational genetic 
testing facility in Malaysia 
to commercialise high 
yielding oil palm with secondary 
traits for harvesting efficiency and 
climate resilience
in Malaysia, Indonesia and 
Papua New Guinea
Developing better 
seedlings and systems
to enhance plantation yields
What We Do: Core Business Segments
Commissioned 
2 new biogas 
plants
Total Capacity
of  Biogas Plants 
83,630 MWh
5 R&D
Centres 
3 Innovation 
Centres
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
Integrated Report 2023 page 15
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 18 ----
Our Integrated Value Chain
Seed Production Process 
Engineering
Mechanisation
Oil Palm Nursery
Estate Management
Sugarcane/ Cattle Products
Solar Panel
Large Scale
Solar (LSS)
Rooftop Solar
Off Grid Solar
Palm Oil Food 
Applications
GenomeSelectTM Precision 
Agriculture
Food 
Preparation
Infant 
Formula
Health & 
Nutrition
Non-Food
Food
Animal Feed OleochemicalBiodiesel
UPSTREAM
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT (R&D)
RENEWABLES
DOWNSTREAM
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  page 16
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 19 ----
Digitalisation Biotechnology Climate
Research
Mills – CPO
& PK Production
Trading of 
CPO and
Bulk Sales
Manufacturing
Electricity
Automating 
Plantations
Eco-Solutions Food Science
Palm Fibres,
Sludge Oil, EFB, 
Kernel Shell, POME
Customised 
Manufacturing
Bulk Manufacturing
BiogasBiomass
Methane Capture &
Biogas Production
Waste to 
Wealth
Smallholders
Aggregation
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
Integrated Report 2023 page 17
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 20 ----
Corporate
Milestones
(1917 -2023)
Kumpulan Guthrie Sdn. Bhd. 
was incorporated.
1960
1985
Golden Hope Plantations 
Berhad introduced the 
Zero-burning Replanting 
Technique to replace the 
traditional slash-and-burn 
method of clearing land.
1989
Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad was 
listed on the Kuala Lumpur 
Stock Exchange.
Harrisons & Crosfield’s Palm 
Oil Research Station was 
established in Klanang Bahru 
estate, Banting, by research 
officer Brian Gray.
1955
2010
SD Plantation launched an 
industry-first Child Protection 
Policy focussing on the 
protection of children living 
within its estates. The Policy 
included amongst others, the 
protection of children against  
maltreatment and the provision 
of access to protection 
mechanisms and education. 
The Dawn Raid: Permodalan 
Nasional Berhad (PNB), 
acquired Guthrie Corporation 
Limited (GCL) bringing GCL 
under Malaysian control.
1981
1992
Golden Hope Plantations 
elected to the United Nations 
Environment Programme’s 
(UNEP) Global 500 Roll of 
Honour for the 
commercialisation of Zero 
Burning Practice.
1990
Biological control for 
Integrated Pest Management 
(IPM) introduced in all 
plantations.
2001
Kumpulan Guthrie 
Berhad acquired Salim 
Group’s plantation 
interest in Indonesia 
which increased its 
landbank by more than 
260,000 hectares in Sumatra, 
Kalimantan and Sulawesi. This 
acquisition laid the foundation 
for the modern day Minamas 
Plantation.
2004
Golden Hope Plantations Berhad 
became a pioneer member of 
the Roundtable on Sustainable 
Palm Oil (RSPO).
Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad 
became the first plantation 
company in the world to receive 
the EUREPGAP (European 
Retailers and Producers 
Good Agriculture Practices) 
certification for plantation 
management.
2007
Merger of Kumpulan Guthrie 
Berhad, Golden Hope Plantations 
Berhad and Sime Darby Berhad 
to form the new Sime Darby 
Berhad. All plantation activities 
and operations were 
consolidated under a subsidiary, 
Sime Darby Plantation Sdn. Bhd. 
(SD Plantation).
2008
SD Plantation’s Sandakan Bay 
Strategic Operating Unit 
(SOU) became the first SOU 
to receive RSPO certification 
in the company.
2009
SD Plantation decoded the oil 
palm genome, leading to the 
development of 
GenomeSelect™.
2011
Gender Policy and Gender 
Committees, were established 
throughout SD Plantation’s 
estates and mills to ensure 
development of female 
leadership and to promote 
active women participation in 
the workforce.
The first commercial planting 
of oil palm in Malaysia took 
place in Tennamaram Estate, 
Selangor, laying the 
foundations for the industry 
in the country.
1917
Research and development 
(R&D) in Kumpulan Guthrie 
Berhad commenced with the 
establishment of the Chemara 
Research Station.
1929
Chemara Research Station 
became Malaya’s first R&D 
center to breed DxP palms, 
significantly enhancing yields 
and boosting oil palm’s 
viability as an agricultural crop.
1949
Chemara Research Centre set 
up a pisifera garden, enhancing 
DxP seed production and 
raising national yields by 33% 
with new planting materials.
1954
RSPO-1106024
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Sime Darby Plantation  page 18
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 21 ----
SD Plantation acquired New 
Britain Palm Oil (NBPOL).
2015
2016
SD Plantation launched its 
Responsible Agriculture Charter 
(RAC).
SD Plantation commenced the  
first large-scale planting of 
GenomeSelect™, its highest 
yielding oil palm seed to date, 
which would allow the company 
to further increase oil yield on 
existing land.
2012
SD Plantation became the 
world’s largest producer of 
Certified Sustainable Palm Oil.
2017
SD Plantation became 
Malaysia’s first ever company to 
win the Edison Award (Bronze 
Medal) under the Energy and 
Sustainable category for its 
GenomeSelect™.
Sime Darby Berhad demerged 
to create 3 iconic pure-play 
standalone businesses.
 SD Plantation was listed on 
Bursa Malaysia. 
SD Plantation 
achieved 100% 
Malaysian 
Sustainable 
Palm Oil (MSPO) 
certification 
and became 
the largest producer of MSPO 
certified palm oil.
SD Plantation published its 
Genome research to help 
accelerate the effort by other 
plantation players in increasing 
palm oil yield on existing land 
and stopping deforestation.
SD Plantation achieved
100% RSPO Certified mills
SD Plantation announced
Project OMEGA – a programme 
to transform all its mills in 
Malaysia, Indonesia and PNG 
into certified foodsafe facilities.
 SD Plantation became the 
world’s first palm oil company 
with fully validated net-zero 
targets.
SD Plantation kicked off 
400-hectare Peatland 
Restoration in its operations in 
East Malaysia.
 SD Plantation commercially 
launched its super high-
yielding palm oil seed, 
GenomeSelect™.
SD Plantation officially 
announced Project Infinity - its 
initiative towards accelerated 
mechanisation as well as 
automation and digitalisation to 
reimagine plantation operations 
and reduce its dependence on 
manual labour. 
SD Plantation began aligning
 its climate-related disclosures 
with TCFD recommendations
2021
2014
SD Plantation became the founding 
member of the HCS Science Study 
and committed to the Sustainable 
Palm Oil Manifesto, which set 
higher sustainability standards for 
growers, traders, end-users, and 
other stakeholders in the industry.
2013
SD Plantation established 
its Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment Policy.
MSPO/4-3-0010
MALA YSIA N
SUST AINABLE  PALM OIL
2018
2019
SD Plantation launched 
‘Crosscheck’, an open access 
online tool that allows  
everyone to trace sources of  
SD Plantation’s palm oil in its 
supply chain.
2020
2022
2023
SD Plantation announced its 
2050 net-zero commitment with 
a clear roadmap, a landmark 
moment for the palm oil 
industry.
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
Integrated Report 2023 page 19
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 22 ----
Identify Our Material MattersAssess Our Context
Reinforce Our ESG Commitments
Evaluate Our Operating Environment
Identify Risks & Opportunities
Strengthen Stakeholder Engagement
 See page 36
 See page 41
 See page 25
We analyse our operating environment and identify mega trends, risks 
and opportunities which have the greatest impact on our ability to 
create value in the short, medium and long term. These include global 
and regional shifts in supply and demand of oils (both food and fuel), 
competition, changing regulatory requirements, customer trends, as 
well as increasing social and environmental requirements. 
Our ability to create value is impacted by risks that could derail the 
attainment of our goals; and opportunities that could accelerate or 
accentuate positive outcomes. We have in place a comprehensive risk 
management framework that allows us to identify these risks and 
opportunities, and manage them as we pursue our strategic and 
business objectives. 
Proactive engagement with key stakeholders allows us to understand 
their needs and be responsive to their expectations, prioritising what 
each stakeholder group values the most. In the process of delivering 
sustained value to all our stakeholders, we develop quality 
relationships with them which contribute to the continued growth and 
sustainability of our business. 
Material matters are those that could 
impact our ability to deliver value in the 
short, medium and long term. These are 
identified through an analysis of the 
macro-environment, our operating context, 
the resources we rely on, as well as 
feedback from our stakeholders. Our six 
material matters inform our strategy to 
manage our risks and leverage prevailing 
opportunities. 
See our materiality discussion on 
page 32 and material matrix on 
page 88
The Group integrates robust business practices with our ESG aspirations, as a result of which, we are moving steadily towards our 
sustainability goals. Our initiatives focus on climate resilience, fair labour practices, and responsible agricultural methods where 
our collective efforts will ensure we achieve our sustainability objectives.
Value creation is integral to our business and strategies at Sime Darby Plantation. We recognise that, to create 
value for the Group, we need to protect not only the Group’s interests but also those of our stakeholders. This is 
achieved through continuous assessment of our operating environment and engagement with our stakeholders 
leading to the identification of material matters. Focus on our material matters, in turn, guides the effective 
allocation of resources towards the attainment of our corporate goals.  
SD Plantation’s Integrated Approach to  
Value Creation
Operational Performance
People Management
Social and
Environmental Impact
Macroeconomic Conditions
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital Management
Customers 
Industry Groups & Government Agencies
NGOs/Civil Society OrganisationsEmployees
Local Communities
 Geopolitical Risk
 Supply Chain Risk
 Legal and Regulatory Risk
 Climate and Sustainability Risk
 Operational Risk
 People Risk
 Competition Risk
 Commodity Risk
 Financial Risk
Sime Darby Plantation  page 20
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 23 ----
Enhance Our ValueIntegrate Our Strategy to Allocate Our Resources 
into Our Business Model
Outline Our Strategy
Business Model
Allocate Our Capital
 See page 48
 See page 22
 See page 24
SD Plantation has developed a comprehensive five-year strategic blueprint that 
will serve as a roadmap for growth and ensure our long-term success at the 
forefront of our industry. 
The execution of our strategy relies on the disciplined allocation of the six 
capitals: Financial Capital, Natural Capital, Manufactured Capital, Intellectual 
Capital, Human Capital, and Social and Relationship Capital. We deploy our 
resources optimally and align our relationships to drive growth, reinforce 
resilience and deliver sustainable value for all our stakeholders. 
We seek to actively manage our activities and their impacts to ensure we enhance 
the positive and minimise the negative outcomes of our business model, thereby 
generating and sustaining value for all our stakeholders.
  For more details on our business activities, please refer to page 68 on our 
Integrated Report 2023.
Value, for us,
means Achieving 
Our Stakeholder
Goals
Innovative Technologies
Industry Leading Blueprint
Producing More with Less
Net-Zero Roadmap Built 
on Best Practices and 
Science-Based Targets
Financial 
Capital
Human
Capital
Manufactured 
Capital
Intelectual
Capital
Natural
Capital
Social & Relationship
Capital
InnovationOperational ExcellenceSustainability
Integrated Report 2023 page 21
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 24 ----
 
Our Value Creating Business Model
UNDERPINNED BY
OUR CAPITAL
 MATERIAL MATTERS
• Operational Performance
• People Management
• Macroeconomic Conditions
• Social and Environmental Impact
• Occupational Safety and Health 
Performance
• Capital Management
MARKET TRENDS
• Rising demand for vegetable oils
• Supply disruption of palm oil
• Accelerating demand for climate action and 
commitment
• Volatility of vegetable oil prices
• Growing emphasis on digitalisation
• Increased competition from other edible oils
• Heightened regulatory environment
• Surging demand for renewables
• Widespread food security concerns
Inputs
• Leadership in Climate Action and  
 Social Performance
•  Building Resilient Supply Chains
•   Building Trust Through Engagement 
and Transparency
KEY SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGIES
• Geopolitical Risk
• Supply Chain Risk
• Legal and Regulatory Risk
• Climate and Sustainability 
Risk
• Operational Risk
• People Risk
• Competition Risk
• Commodity Risk
• Financial Risk
MANAGING OUR KEY RISKS
• Total Equity: RM20.406 billion
• Total Assets: RM31.886 billion
• Borrowings: RM5.282 billion
Financial Capital
The pool of funds available for 
our day-to-day operations and 
growth initiatives, including 
debt, retained earnings and 
equity funding
•  R&D Centres: 5
  R&D Malaysia (3) + R&D PNG + R&D Indonesia (Minamas Research Centre)
• Researchers (R&D) Employees: 1,384 
• Innovation Centres: 3
• Genetic Testing Facility: 1
• Technology and Digital Solutions that enhance   
 operations including Drones and Artificial Intelligence  
 (AI) Technology
• Total investments/expenditure in R&D: RM181 million
Intellectual Capital
Intangible assets such as our 
R&D capabilities, the systems 
and processes that support our 
operations, our reputation and 
brand
• Estates: 234
• Palm Oil Mills: 68
• Palm Oil Refineries: 11
• Bulking Installation Capacity: 284,900 MT
• Biogas Plants: 16
• Landbank: 729,870 ha
Manufactured 
Capital
The physical assets that we 
own or use in carrying out our 
operations across the Group, 
comprising our estates, 
machinery, mills and plants 
Natural Capital
The renewable and non-
renewable resources that are 
used throughout the Group, 
including electricity, fuel, 
water and land, among others 
•  Energy Consumption: 28,978,121 GJ, 88% from 
renewable sources
• Water Consumption: 23,649,125 m3
• Preserving the environment through conservation efforts
• Initiatives to optimise consumption of natural resources
• Executing initiatives in our Net-Zero Roadmap
• Strong network of 3,602 vendors approved and 
registered through the SD Plantation OVR (Online 
Vendor Registration) portal
• Smallholders support programmes and supply chain 
collaboration
• Deepen communication and collaboration to strengthen 
relationships with our key stakeholders
• High Integrity, Trust and Transparent Communication 
with our key stakeholders
Social & Relationship
Capital
The relationships and 
partnerships we have 
developed with our network
of stakeholders, including 
customers, employees, 
suppliers, NGOs and local 
communities
... ENABLE VALUE-ADDING            ACTIVITIES THAT CREATE ...
UPSTREAM
RENEWABLES
• Total Employees: 84,670
 Employee by gender:*
 - 10,901 or 17.5% Female
 - 51,032 or 82.5% Male
• Workers in plantations and mills: 71,745
• Permanent Employees: 38,379** (61%)
• Non-Permanent Employees: 24,306** (39%)
• High Performance and Innovative Culture
*   Data does not include Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, the United 
Kingdom, and the Netherlands due to privacy laws.
**   Data does not include Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, and the Netherlands 
due to privacy laws.
Human Capital
All our employees and workers 
who carry out our operations, 
determining our performance, 
productivity and ability to attain 
our corporate goals
Sustainability Innovation
Operational Excellence
STRATEGY
Sime Darby Plantation  page 22
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 25 ----
 
Outputs Outcomes
Our robust governance framework and a 
dynamic sustainability agenda 
...VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS.
• Profit For The Year: RM2.033 billion (2022: RM2.683 billion)
• Dividend Declared: 15.00 sen per share (2022: 16.04 sen per share)
• Net Debt to Equity Ratio: 22% (2022: 29%)
FINANCIAL CAPITALFC
• Yield per Hectare (MT/ha): 17.92 (2022: 16.63)
• Oil Extraction Rate (%):  21.18 (2022: 21.10)
• Palm Kernel Extraction Rate (%): 4.86 (2022: 4.87)
• SDO Sales Volume (‘000 MT):  3,393 (2022: 3,318)
• Group Revenue: RM18.428 billion (2022: RM21.030 billion)
• Total CAPEX: RM2.129 billion (2022: RM1.729 billion)
MANUFACTURED CAPITALMC
• ~ 1,024 Registered Trademarks
• ~ 127 Pending Trademark Applications
• Implemented the Palm Digital platform to digitalise upstream 
operations, significantly enhancing efficiency in fertiliser management
• Expanded data analytics capabilities, focussing on improving supply 
chain traceability
• Mechanisation and Technology to reduce reliance on manual labour 
addressing labour scarcity, increasing productivity, efficiencies, yields 
and reduce environmental impact
• Enhanced market news automation supports our trading operations 
by providing actionable insights
INTELLECTUAL CAPITALIC
• RM47 million allocated for learning and development
 - RM2.4 billion in wages paid 
 -  Employee Attrition Rate 25.5% (2022: 26.2%), including 
Malaysian Migrant Worker repatriation
 - 17.5% Women in Overall Workforce (2022: 19.9%)
• Lost Time Injury (LTI): 1,729 (2022: 1,745)
• Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR): 8.7 (2022: 9.3)
HUMAN CAPITALHC
• Taxation paid: RM1.087 billion (2022: RM1.432 billion)
• RM56.7 million invested in community (2022: RM73.5 million)
• 24,526 individuals benefitted from SD Plantation’s CSR initiatives 
(2022: 62,906 individuals)
• 33,746 smallholders in support programmes 
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITALSRC
• Water Consumption Intensity: 1.52 m3/ton FFB processed (2022: 1.37 m 3/
ton FFB processed)
• 2.28 million trees planted to date (2022: 1.9 million trees)
• Sustainable palm oil practices support climate action and maintain 
ecosystem health
• Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions intensity (Scope 1 & 2) (tCO 2e/MT CPO/
PK) 1.45 (2022: 1.61 tCO 2e/MT CPO/PK)
• Renewable energy capacity:
 –  Biogas: 22.57 MWe (Megawatt electric) (2022: 21.07 MWe)
 –  Rooftop Solar: 2.03 MWp (Megawatt peak) (2022: 0.58 MWp)
NATURAL CAPITALNC
•  8,705,185 MT FFB Production
•   2,206,044 MT CPO Production
•  505,879 MT PK Production
•  45,301,817 m3 biogas produced 
for methane capture
VISION
To be the leading integrated 
global palm oil player
VALUES
Enterprise ExcellenceIntegrity Respect & Responsibility
... ENABLE VALUE-ADDING            ACTIVITIES THAT CREATE ...
• Biomass (EFB, kernel shells)
 •  1,875,755 MT EFB
 •  16,192 MT kernel shells
 •  11.83 million tons carbon dioxide 
equivalent (tCO2e) across Scopes 1,  
2 and 3 emissions
  (2020: 12.2 mil tCO 2e)
 •  182,810 MT Waste (scheduled  
 and non-scheduled) generated
SIME DARBY OILS
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT 
Integrated Report 2023 page 23
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 26 ----
Our Value Creating Business Model
Actions to Enhance Outcomes Trade Offs
Stakeholders
We utilise our financial capital to enhance all our other capitals, 
for example by training and retaining high performance 
employees (human capital); implementing projects to minimise 
our environmental impact (natural capital); constructing new 
plants (manufactured capital); improving planting materials 
(intellectual capital); and uplifting the communities where we 
operate (social & relationship capital). Although the utilisation 
reduces our financial capital in the short term, it contributes 
towards sustainable operations in the long run.
•  Maintain robust management of financial capital
•  Practise stringent cost optimisation
•  Optimise borrowing profile and assess funding 
alternatives
•  Ensure maintenance of high credit standing
•  Strengthen our overall financial management system
Intellectual capital drives innovation, fosters creativity, and 
enables strategic adaptation, thereby positioning SD Plantation 
to navigate market shifts and capitalise on emerging 
opportunities more effectively. Investment in R&D and new 
technology results in a short-term reduction of our financial 
capital, but is essential for the long-term growth of the company. 
•  Ensure our R&D centres have sufficient funds to 
attract the best researchers to carry out cutting-
edge R&D
•  Actively explore technologies to improve our 
plantation operations
•  Accelerate replanting of all estates with 
GenomeSelect™ 
•  R&D to collaborate with the Commercial team on 
the development of products with significant 
market potential such as low contaminant oils, 
frying oil with natural antioxidants, and animal-free 
fats  
•  Enhance Traceability to Plantation to further 
increase our reputation and customers’ trust
While our sustainability efforts may require financial capital, we 
recognise that the long-term benefits of preserving natural 
capital far outweigh any short-term trade-offs. Our commitment 
to sustainable practices ensures the resilience of ecosystems and 
the continuity of our operations amidst changing environmental 
conditions.
•  Adherence to Good Agricultural Practices to maintain 
soil health in the long term
•  R&D on optimising soil nutrients for palm growth
•  Initiatives to promote sustainable practices
• Execute the Net-Zero Roadmap 
•  Focus on biogas and solar expansion under 
renewable energy initiatives
Investing in our social and relationship capital is not as costly as 
that for our other capitals, yet the benefits are as significant, as 
seen in quality CPO from smallholders, knowledge and guidance 
from NGOs and a ready-made pool of human capital that can be 
tapped for employment in our estates. We believe in sharing our 
business prosperity with our people, community and industry. 
This is also part of our longer-term vision for a sustainable 
business ecosystem. 
•  Continue to provide training for smallholders, 
including indigenous farmers, towards NDPE 
compliance and certification 
•  Create more opportunities to engage with local 
communities to understand and address their 
concerns
•  Extend fire prevention programme to involve school 
children
•  Explore ways SD Plantation can support the work of 
NGOs to strengthen our relationships with them
Investments in employee training and development are a 
significant cost to Financial Capital, but the productivity gains 
from upskilling and digital transformation benefit Human Capital 
and Intellectual Capital.  Similarly, investments in employee 
health and wellbeing create an engaged workforce that can 
maximise Financial Capital.
•  Continuously develop training programmes to ensure 
employees and workers have the skills required to  
meet SD Plantation’s needs
•  Design incentives that are clearly based on 
performance and productivity
•  Monitor recruitment process to ensure adherence to 
our policies; and maintain regular engagement with 
workers to hear their voice
•  Maintain strict vigilance on safety processes and 
procedures, and nurture a safety culture in estates
Investments in technology and infrastructure will require financial 
capital; however we view these as essential for improving 
productivity, reducing costs and mitigating environmental risks in 
the long run, improving not only our financial and natural capitals 
but also our manufactured capital.
•  Continuous mechanisation, automation and 
digitalisation to improve FFB production
•  Project OMEGA to enhance mill operations
•  Adherence to Good Manufacturing Practices to 
ensure quality products by SDO
•  Expansion of biogas plants for renewable energy 
generation and reduction of methane emissions
•  Palm kernel shells and fibres are sold for use as 
renewable sources of energy
Customers Industry Groups & Government AgenciesNGOs/Civil Society OrganisationsEmployees Local Communities
Sime Darby Plantation  page 24
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 27 ----
Stakeholder Engagement: 
Needs and Expectations
SD Plantation has an extensive network of stakeholders who contribute to our business, as well as those who 
are impacted by our operations. We highly value all our stakeholders and seek to create better relationships 
with them through open dialogue and transparency in everything we do. The ultimate objective is to create 
value for each stakeholder group, strengthening our position and reputation in the market. 
CUSTOMERS
How We Engage
We work closely with our customers to 
understand their needs in order to tailor our 
products accordingly. 
Key Concerns Raised
• Product quality, food safety, delivery and security of supply and services
• Product innovation and development
• Traceability 
• Environmental harm, social injustice or exploitation 
• Short-term and long-term product pricing
Our Approach
•  HACCP, Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO), Roundtable on 
Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and Malaysian Sustainable Palm Oil (MSPO) 
certifications
• R&D support in developing new products
•  Use of Crosscheck for transparency on source of oil
•  Adherence to RSPO as well as NDPE policy
•  Focus on product differentiation enables us to secure better pricing 
positions
How We Measure Value
• Customer satisfaction as measured in our annual survey 
• The number of new products developed in a year 
• Traceability to Mills (TTM) and Traceability to Plantation (TTP) rates
•  Various ESG metrics on workers’ well-being and environmental footprint
Why We Engage
We have a global base of customers who purchase our refined oils and fats, including edible oils, biodiesel, nutraceuticals, and 
other palm oil-based derivatives.
• Events, webinars, forums, meetings R
• Surveys and feedback R
• Regular business touchpoints R
• Collaborative platforms and
 working groups 
R
• Exhibitions R
• SDO Customer Day A
• Social media platforms O
• Digital: Customer Dashboard O
Material Matters:Capitals:
Quality of 
Relationship
No existing 
relationship
Relationship established – 
room for improvement
Poor 
relationship
Good-quality
relationship
Excellent 
relationship
Frequency of  
EngagementMonthlyM Bi-AnnuallyB QuarterlyQ AnnuallyA As requiredR
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Integrated Report 2023 page 25
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 28 ----
Stakeholder Engagement: Needs and Expectations
NGOS/CIVIL SOCIETY ORGANISATIONS
EMPLOYEES
How We Engage
How We Engage
Engagement with NGOs enables us to 
contribute more meaningfully to creating 
positive environmental and social impact in 
combination with business performance.
Our employees are our greatest asset as they 
drive our operations and are critical to the 
achievement of our business targets and 
strategy. 
Key Concerns Raised
•  Well-being of communities living near SD Plantation sites
•  Impact of existing operations and expansion plans
• Maintenance of human rights and labour rights
• Traceability of source of palm oil used in products. 
Key Concerns Raised
• Succession pipeline and talent bench strength 
• Performance management and rewards
• Employee well-being and support
• Workers’ welfare, wages and overtime
• Organisational culture and work environment 
Our Approach
•  Obtain communities’ FPIC pre-development
•  Adhere to Responsible Agriculture Charter, RSPO principles and NDPE 
Policy 
•  Adhere to Human Rights Charter, RSPO principles, and ILO guidelines
•  We make our supply chain traceability data transparent through 
Crosscheck
• Submitted climate targets for SBTi validation
Our Approach
• Robust succession plan for key positions
•  Quarterly employee performance conversations and annual appraisals
•  Employee wellness programme including 24-hour hotline
•  Enhanced recruitment procedures, worker hotlines, social dialogue 
platforms and app for workers to communicate with management
•  Continuous engagement to drive a healthy working culture
How We Measure Value
•  Compliance with ILO labour indicators
•  NDPE compliance in the supply chain 
•  Number of smallholders engaged in capacity-building
How We Measure Value
• The ratio of talent to key positions
• Number of talents in the talent pool
• Organisational Health Index (OHI)
• Employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS)
• Number of grievances made through workers’ hotlines
Why We Engage
Why We Engage
SD Plantation is a founding member of the RSPO and subscribes to the MSPO and ISPO, while engaging with numerous NGOs 
and civil society organisations focussed on environmental and social issues.
We have 84,670 employees whereby 71,745 are workers in our plantations and mills.
Material Matters:
Material Matters:
Capitals:
Capitals:
• Information sharing forums, 
 roundtable discussions, events 
A
 
Q
 
M
• Engagement surveys R
•  Collaborative projects, mentoring
 programmes  
A
• Third-party verification on
 our supply chain   
A
 
Q
 
M
• Social dialogue sessions Q
• Muster, Union and Gender committee    
 meetings  R
• Suara Kami helpline and Oil Palm Pal app O
• Volunteer programmes  R
• Townhalls R
•  Recreational activities and social events A
Quality of 
Relationship
No existing 
relationship
Relationship established – 
room for improvement
Poor 
relationship
Good-quality
relationship
Excellent 
relationship
Frequency of  
EngagementMonthlyM Bi-AnnuallyB QuarterlyQ AnnuallyA As requiredR
Sime Darby Plantation  page 26
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 29 ----
LOCAL COMMUNITIES
INDUSTRY GROUPS & GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
How We Engage
How We Engage
Because local communities are close to our 
operations, they are necessarily impacted by 
our business activities. We engage with them 
to understand their needs and allay any 
concerns they may have.
Industry groups are forums for us to share 
knowledge and expertise, and stay abreast of 
current developments in the industry. Through 
partnerships with peers, we are also able to 
address industry issues more effectively. 
Meanwhile, government agencies set the rules 
and regulations that we must comply with, and 
which impact our businesses and the industry at 
large.
Key Concerns Raised
• Respecting land rights of local communities, often Orang Asli 
• Fire and haze prevention
• Protection of the local ecosystem
• Support smallholders to enhance their livelihood
• Supporting employment and other needs
Key Concerns Raised
• Support given to smallholders towards their certification 
•  Enhancing industry productivity given limited land for expansion
•  Regulatory pressure and market forces on the uptake of RSPO certified 
oils
• Sustainability issues such as human/elephant conflict 
Our Approach
•  Adherence to FPIC before developing any land
•  Implementation of community fire prevention programmes
•  Adherence to NDPE Policy, Responsible Agriculture Charter, endangered 
species conservation programme
•  Assist smallholders to become RSPO-certified.
•  Hire locals and provide training through Project Lokal and PROTÉGÉ 
Programme
•  Community development through philanthropy; provision of 
scholarships; ensuring schools and health infrastructure in estates
Our Approach
•  Capacity building and support for smallholders
•  Sharing of genomic discoveries, and commercialisation of high-yield 
seeds 
•  Active representation in working groups of certification schemes (RSPO, 
MSPO, ISCC)
•  Multistakeholder collaboration to resolve elephant encroachment
•  Establish new sustainable supply chains and develop geospatial 
technology for monitoring and transparency
How We Measure Value
• Certification of smallholders
• Conservation of endangered species
• Community awareness and capability in fire prevention and management
How We Measure Value
•  Number of certified smallholders
•  Productivity of member companies
•  Uptake of RSPO-certified oils from member companies
Why We Engage
Why We Engage
Local communities are those that live near our plantations and other operational sites, including some 52,000 small and 
independent farmers who supply us with FFB.
Representatives from SD Plantation are involved in various industry bodies – Malaysian Palm Oil Board (MPOB), Palm Oil Refiners Association 
of Malaysia (PORAM), Malaysian Palm Oil Association (MPOA), etc – while the organisation also engages regularly with government agencies.
Material Matters:
Material Matters:
Capitals:
Capitals:
• Community meetings and
 other forms of engagement  
R
• Grievance mechanisms O
• Working groups R
•  Events, webinars, roundtable
 discussions, feedback  
R
• Technical and taskforce committees R
• Field and lab visits, and information
 sharing sessions 
R
 
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Integrated Report 2023 page 27
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 30 ----
The Value We Create
We seek to manage our stakeholder relationships effectively because our stakeholders are important to us. In the 
following pages, we demonstrate the value that each key stakeholder group creates for Sime Darby Plantation  
(SD Plantation), and vice versa. Our objective is to build even greater trust and confidence in our stakeholders of 
SD Plantation’s ability to deliver. 
Value For SD Plantation
Opportunities
Value Creation Indicators & Highlights
•  New innovative products and solutions meeting or even 
exceeding customers’ needs
•  Quick addressal of customer pain points through 
feedback and engagement platforms
• Efficient delivery of high-quality products
•  Extensive knowledge-building and comprehensive 
information for customers to maximise the value of their 
products
•  Poor customer relationship management could result in 
decline in customer loyalty and loss of sales
•  Lack of customer understanding on the value of products 
could impact sales performance
•  Centralised resource management and data management 
for agile decision-making
•  Embarked on Customer Journey Mapping to further 
improve the customer experience
•  Developed oils with negligible amounts of mineral oil 
saturated hydrocarbons (MOSH) and mineral oil aromatic 
hydrocarbons (MOAH); as well as Superior Quality 
Net-Zero Ethical Labour (SQNE) oil
• 90% customer retention rate
• 86% customer satisfaction index
•  Continuous increase in revenue and sustainable growth 
from repeat sales
• Retention of satisfied and loyal customer base
• Solid brand reputation from positive endorsements
•  Timely and efficient delivery of products to customers 
promotes good customer service, leading to repeat 
purchases
•  Strong relationship and engagement with customers will 
lead to a better understanding of their needs, building 
strong customer loyalty
•  Collaborations with customers provide us with better 
insights on current market needs, shaping a more 
market-relevant product portfolio
Value Created for Customers
Risks
Business Initiatives
CUSTOMERS
Material MattersCapitals
Link
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Sime Darby Plantation  page 28
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 31 ----
Value For SD Plantation
Value For SD Plantation
Opportunities
Opportunities
Value Creation Indicators & Highlights
Value Creation Indicators & Highlights
•  Market-competitive salaries and benefits to attract and retain 
talent
•  Wellness programme and support to ensure the well-being of 
employees
•  Flexible working arrangements for improved work-life balance
• Development of a purpose-driven culture
•  Comprehensive HR Policies and governance structure
•  Opportunities for employees to make their voices heard via 
engagements and social dialogue
•  High safety standards in line with stringent health and 
safety guidelines
•  Prioritisation of local vendors to support their economic 
development
•  Protection of suppliers’ rights through robust policies 
and frameworks
•  Non-conducive work environment could lead to 
disengagement and potential hazards
•  If employees are not sufficiently stretched or challenged, 
complacency could set in, impacting productivity
•  Lack of governance could lead to non-compliance with 
regulatory requirements
•  Lags in delivery or receipt of low-quality products/
services from poorly managed suppliers could disrupt 
operations
•  Suppliers’ non-adherence to Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) standards would impact the Group’s 
overall sustainability performance
•  Management Trainee Programme focussed on developing 
young leaders for future growth
•  Flexible Working Arrangement Policy to promote work-life 
balance
•  Wellness webinars/programmes covering aspects of physical, 
mental, social and financial wellness
•  Regular engagement with suppliers through various 
formal and informal channels
•  Vendor Development Programme (VDP) to elevate 
suppliers and help them grow their business
• Organisational Health Index (OHI)
• Employee Net Promoter Score
• Workers Satisfaction Survey
•  Supplier risk assessment on our No Deforestation, No 
Peat and No Exploitation (NDPE) commitments in 2023 
indicated 95% of suppliers are low-risk,  
3% medium-risk and 2% high-risk
•  17 Bumiputera vendors currently enrolled under VDP
•  98.9% of total procurement spend (RM10 billion) went to 
local suppliers
•  Energised and engaged employees contribute positively 
to the attainment of our business strategies and growth
•  An innovative, up-to-date and competent workforce 
ensures long-term relevance
•  A high-performance and customer-focussed work culture 
contributes to enhanced business outcomes
• Continuous improvement via acting-on-feedback
•  An engaged and reliable supply chain results in minimal 
disruption to operations
•  Competitive prices and efficient delivery of suppliers’ 
products and services
•  The ability of SD Plantation to maintain high-quality 
products and services aligned with our brand promise
•  Intensive employee engagement would develop a sense of 
connection and inspire strong performance 
•  Robust professional development programmes and clear career 
progression serve to retain quality talent
•  Diversity and inclusivity would establish SD Plantation as a 
forward-looking organisation and an employer of choice
•  Digitalisation of human resources processes will facilitate 
productivity and efficiency
•  Cost savings from procurement efficiencies and the 
diligent sourcing of the best value products and services
•  Overall increase in quality of work of service providers 
due to fair and safe working conditions
•  Coordinated shutdowns with feedstock and utility 
suppliers to minimise business disruption
•  Establishment of SD Plantation as a sustainable 
organisation supported by a sustainable supply chain
Value Created for Employees
Value Created for Suppliers and Vendors
Risks
Risks
Business Initiatives
Business Initiatives
EMPLOYEES
Material Matters
Material Matters
Capitals
Capitals
Link
LinkSUPPLIERS & VENDORS
Integrated Report 2023 page 29
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 32 ----
The Value We Create
Value For SD Plantation
Opportunities
Value Creation Indicators & Highlights
•  Various ocio-economic benefits from SD Plantation’s 
contributions
•  An abundance of training and job opportunities within 
the agriculture industry
•  Environmentally safe operations throughout the value 
chain
•  Any detrimental effects on surrounding communities or 
the environment could lead to a loss of public confidence
•  Communities that are underdeveloped, could slow down 
inclusive economic progress
• Smallholder programme
•  Community engagement and development programmes
• Community fire prevention programme
• Education of school-going children
•  Local employment opportunities through Project Lokal 
and PROTÉGÉ Programme
•  Employee Volunteering Programme through Yayasan Sime 
Darby
•  668 independent smallholders trained on sustainable 
agriculture practices to date
•  Community-based fire prevention programme in  
34 villages totaling 161,000 hectares
•  Approximately 14,000 children in Indonesia receive free 
education
• 155 new local recruits via Project Lokal
•  Positive brand and reputation as a responsible corporate 
citizen
•  The support of engaged communities who understand our 
business objectives
•  Creation of a sustainable supply chain through 
certification of smallholders within the community
•  Improved credibility as a responsible business via 
community outreach programmes
•  Regular and consistent community engagements to 
address concerns effectively
•  The creation of a certified and sustainable supply chain, 
and enhanced traceability to mills and plantation
Value Created for Communities
Risks
Business Initiatives
COMMUNITIES
Material MattersCapitals
Link
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Sime Darby Plantation  page 30
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 33 ----
How We Distribute
Value Created
RM750
million
value we created for
Government & 
Society
RM1.151
billion
value we created for
Providers of Capital
RM2.467
billion
value we created for our  
Reinvestment and
Future Growth
RM3.069
billion
value we created for
Employees
RM7.437
billion
HOW VALUE IS 
ALLOCATED
33.17%
We reinvested  
RM2.033 billion via 
retained profits to fund 
sustainable future growth 
across our business
15.48%
We rewarded our shareholders 
with a total FY2023 dividend 
of 15.0 sen per share, 
translating to a dividend yield 
of 3.36%
10.08%
A total of RM720 million  
of tax, sustained for the 
government
41.27%
We allocated 79% or RM2.428 
billion, for salaries and rewards 
to employees
Integrated Report 2023 page 31
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 34 ----
Material Matters
Through our engagement with stakeholders and analysis of the operating environment, we 
are able to discern our material matters, namely matters that are key to addressing risks 
and achieving our corporate objectives. These matters are taken into consideration when 
formulating plans and strategies to ensure we meet our goals while satisfying the needs of our 
diverse stakeholders. 
Risks 
•  Efforts to enhance productivity indiscriminately could have negative 
environmental and/or social consequences, impacting our reputation
•  Sales would be impacted if our products do not meet increasingly stringent 
regulatory requirements
•  Supply chain disruptions within our operations could delay critical supplies, 
affecting our customers. This, in turn, would affect our production and 
sales, leading to the loss of customers
Opportunities
•  Strengthen our operational performance through responsible and 
sustainable practices while reinforcing relationships with our suppliers, 
including smallholders
•  The development of innovative technologies to drive operational excellence 
could generate new revenue streams, reduce leakage and wastage, and 
lower costs
StakeholdersCapitals Strategy
OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
Why It’s Important
Our operational performance is the core of our business and determines our 
financial performance, and our ability to create value for all our stakeholders - 
from our suppliers and smallholders to our employees, business partners, 
customers and local communities.   
•  Adoption of precision agriculture, 
mechanisation, automation, digitalisation 
and other innovative technology to 
reduce reliance on manual labour, as well 
as increase efficiency and productivity
•  Adherence to sustainable practices, 
certifications and standards including our 
Responsible Agriculture Charter (RAC), 
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 
(RSPO) principles and No Deforestation, 
No Peat and No Exploitation (NDPE) 
commitment to maintain sustainable 
performance
•  Focus on research and development 
(R&D) and work closely with customers 
to develop high quality products that 
meet regulatory requirements in all 
jurisdictions
•  Maintain a high level of safety standards 
and Standard operating procedures 
(SOPs) across all operations to sustain a 
high level of productivity
How We Respond
Our operational performance refers to the performance of our entire upstream 
and downstream operations, encompassing the productivity of our plantations, oil 
yield and production of oils, fats as well as other derivative products.
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Customers Industry Groups & Government AgenciesNGOs/Civil Society OrganisationsEmployees Local Communities
Sustainability InnovationOperational Excellence
Sime Darby Plantation  page 32
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 35 ----
How We Respond
How We Respond
Risks 
Not keeping track of commodity prices, currency fluctuations, interest rate 
changes, weather-related events, regulatory shifts, global events and trends, 
and evolving consumer preferences would not only impact SD Plantation’s 
performance in the short term, it would also result in the Group becoming 
irrelevant and losing our competitive edge.
Risks 
•  If the well-being of our employees/workers is not protected, it will impact 
motivation levels and mental health, resulting in a high turnover, ultimately 
affecting our productivity and profitability
•  Contravention of international labour policies could lead to sanctions and 
reputational damage
•  Lack of adequate safety supervision could result in accidents or incidents, 
posing risks to employees’/workers’ safety and well-being
• Dependence on foreign workers carries a risk of labour shortage
Opportunities
 The adoption of business intelligence (BI) tools and an agile way of working 
that is responsive to changes in the macroenvironment would place  
SD Plantation on a stronger footing to anticipate challenges, identify 
opportunities, and maintain our industry leadership.
Opportunities
•  By ensuring our employees’/workers’ optimum well-being, we will not only 
enhance productivity and performance but also establish SD Plantation as an 
employer of choice, enhancing our retention rate and facilitating the 
recruitment of the best talent
•  By modernising and scaling up the use of technology in our operations, we 
are able to attract more local employees and reduce our dependence on 
foreign labour
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
Capitals
Capitals
Strategy
Strategy
MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS
PEOPLE MANAGEMENT
Why It’s Important
It is important to monitor macroeconomic factors that are relevant to our 
industry – such as fluctuations in commodity prices due to trade protectionist 
policies, geopolitical conflicts and market competition – as these can affect 
demand and supply trends and erode revenue potential. Changes in prevailing 
legal and regulatory frameworks may exert additional pressure on the business 
and increase the cost of compliance and operations.
Why It’s Important
Our people are our greatest asset as they determine our performance and the 
achievement of our corporate goals and objectives. 
•  Dedicated units as well as committees to 
keep abreast of developments, monitor 
and advise on the most appropriate 
strategies to navigate the challenges and 
capitalise on opportunities
•  Adoption of an agile mindset via training 
to strengthen the ability of our business 
to respond to changing market conditions 
innovatively and quickly
•  Practise proactive risk management, 
which includes active engagement of 
stakeholders to assess the business 
environment for disruptive changes or 
emerging risks, while capitalising on 
business cycles to deliver sustainable 
profit growth
•  Diversify our business portfolio to capture 
more opportunities and spread our risks
•  Intensify our investment into R&D to 
maintain a culture of innovation that 
keeps SD Plantation at the cutting-edge 
of ground-breaking technology
• Complete review and strengthening of 
policies related to the recruitment and 
well-being of workers
• Frequent and timely employee 
engagement and management of 
grievances, by establishing grievance 
channels such as worker helplines and 
social dialogue sessions in our operations 
• Continued implementation of hybrid 
working arrangements to allow flexibility 
for employees to achieve work-life 
balance
• Implementation of Project Lokal to attract 
more locals to work in our Malaysian 
plantations, offering more sophisticated 
jobs that involve the use of advanced 
mechanisation, automation and digital 
technology
• Implementation of voluntary health 
coverage, incentive schemes, and 
continuous review of rewards and 
benefits
• Implementing Nurturing Employee 
Wellness (NEW) programme covering 
mental, physical and financial well-being
• Contribute to nation-building by 
enhancing employability of young 
graduates in Malaysia via the PROTÉGÉ 
programme
Macroeconomic conditions across global, regional and local context impacts all 
industries. The usual economic indicators actively monitored include GDP, inflation, 
unemployment and trade balance as well as fiscal and monetary policies.
People management refers to all the policies and procedures in place to attract 
the best talent, nurture them, and ensure optimum performance as well as 
productivity. This encompasses protecting the well-being and safeguarding the 
rights of everyone who works for SD Plantation.
Integrated Report 2023 page 33
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 36 ----
Material Matters
Risks 
•  In addition to legal and regulatory sanctions, we face the risk of conflicts 
with our local communities, and challenges in accessing markets that 
demand sustainable practices if we do not manage our social and 
environmental impacts
•  By not addressing climate-related issues, we also face the risk of increased 
climate events that could disrupt production, yield and quality
Opportunities
•  Increased investment into positive environmental and social outcomes would 
strengthen our reputation while ensuring sustainable operations
•  By developing robust relationships with local communities, we are assured 
of their support, including the provision of human capital for our operations  
SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT
Why It’s Important
It is important to contribute positively to our local communities and minimise our 
negative environmental footprint to avoid regulatory sanctions and maintain a 
positive reputation in order to sustain our operations and the goodwill of society. 
The operations of all agriculture-based organisations have an environmental 
footprint and affect surrounding communities. This necessitates ethical business 
practices, sustainability initiatives as well as regular community and supplier 
engagement to create positive value.
How We Respond
Social
•  Engage regularly with the local 
communities and practise Free, Prior and 
Informed Consent (FPIC) principles 
before developing any land
•  Provide technical and training support to 
smallholders through our Smallholder 
Inclusion programme
•  Provide training and employment 
opportunities to locals in Malaysia 
through Project Lokal as well as the 
PROTÉGÉ Programme
•  Assist in community development 
through outreach programmes, the 
provision of scholarships, and providing 
education and healthcare facilities in 
estates
•  Empower local communities, for example, 
via fire prevention programmes to 
safeguard against such potential crises
Environment 
•  Adherence to our Responsible Agriculture 
Charter and NDPE Policy 
•  Strengthened our climate action 
commitment by developing science-
based targets to achieve net-zero 
emissions across SD Plantation 
operations and supply chain by 2050
•  Engaging suppliers to replicate our 
measures across their operations as a 
collaborative effort towards achieving 
sustainabilityStakeholdersCapitals Strategy
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Customers Industry Groups & Government AgenciesNGOs/Civil Society OrganisationsEmployees Local Communities
Sustainability InnovationOperational Excellence
Sime Darby Plantation  page 34
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 37 ----
How We Respond
How We Respond
Risks 
 Inefficient working capital management increases the risk of incurring a high 
cost of capital/financing which would decrease our margins and impact our 
bottom line.
Opportunities
Effective capital management provides opportunities for SD Plantation to 
optimise our financial structure and enhance our stakeholder value, 
contributing to the creation of sustainable long-term value.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Why It’s Important
Effective capital management is critical for maximising returns to the Group as 
well as mitigating risks associated with capital depreciation, financial distress, 
value dilution or corporate credit rating downgrades.
•  Prudent and resilient capital management 
to maintain a strong balance sheet
•  Optimise capital allocation among 
competing requirements while managing 
financial targets
•  Effective management of working capital 
through optimisation of inventory levels, 
efficient collection from debtors, and 
effective utilisation of credit facilities to 
ensure sufficient capital resources for 
investment in income-generating 
activities
Strategic planning and systematic approach in maintaining financial stability and 
handling financial resources to achieve long-term growth and profitability. 
Risks 
Any safety and health shortcoming exposes SD Plantation to the risks of 
employee injury, legal consequences, financial losses, decreased productivity, 
damaged reputation, and potential regulatory scrutiny.
Opportunities
Continuous improvement of our safety and health protocols would lead to 
improved productivity, a positive workplace culture and image, and increased 
employee/stakeholder trust, leading to long-term sustainability.
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY & HEALTH PERFORMANCE
Why It’s Important
It is important to create a safe workplace to protect our employees and workers 
as well as our assets, thus enhancing our productivity and performance. At the 
same time, we are required to comply with all the relevant safety and health 
regulations in order to maintain our licence to operate.
•  Proactive Hazard Identification, Risk 
Assessment, and Risk Control by all 
employees
•  Employees and supply chain partners 
receive regular training on safety and 
health awareness, equipping them with 
the knowledge and skills to operate 
safely
•  Implementing Culture of Care and Project 
OMEGA to maintain high level health, 
safety, and environment (HSE) standards 
across all operations
Commitment to preventing incidents, prioritising employee well-being, and 
continuously improving safety measures to create a sustainable and safe work 
environment.
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
Capitals
Capitals
Strategy
Strategy
Integrated Report 2023 page 35
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 38 ----
Our Market Landscape
We have a global customer base and operate in a complex business and regulatory environment that spans 12 countries. It 
is imperative that we stay engaged with our stakeholders to understand current issues. We keep abreast of evolving global 
trends and local developments which may impact our business and our ability to create value for stakeholders.
Global food oil demand has been 
remarkably resilient despite challenges 
posed by the pandemic and geopolitical 
tensions. Current near-term demand 
continues to be driven by the requirement 
for high-quality clean palm oil products, 
balanced by concerns of a global  
slowdown in economic growth.
Of all the vegetable oils, palm oil is the 
most widely consumed, accounting for 
36% of the total market. It has also been 
the fastest-growing vegetable oil since 
2000 with a compound annual growth  
rate (CAGR) of 6%. 
Palm oil production is affected by 
historical plantings and weather 
conditions which can affect yield and 
productivity.
In Malaysia, palm oil production has 
also been impacted by a labour 
shortage due to border control 
restrictions during the pandemic. The 
Russia-Ukraine conflict further hit our 
industry by driving up the price of input 
materials, notably fertilisers and fuel. 
These factors have changed planting 
decisions as they alter the relative 
profitability of competing vegetable oil 
crops. 
The long-term outlook for vegetable oils is promising, driven by demand from the food and 
biofuel (primarily biodiesel) sectors. Demand for food oil will continue to increase along 
with the growing global population and increasing real gross domestic product (GDP) per 
capita. Demand for biodiesel, meanwhile, will be driven by a global move towards 
renewable fuels.
Source: LMC Oilseeds & Oil Report 2023 Source: LMC Oilseeds & Oil Report 2023
In the longer term, palm oil supply is expected to reduce due to environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) concerns that could impede expansion. 
The palm oil industry has long been at the leading edge in sustainability issues. However, the 
focus on the industry remains, although issues have shifted over time, from environmental/
biodiversity matters towards social and governance matters and, finally, back to climate change 
and greenhouse gases (GHG) mitigation. Any long-term palm oil supply disruption would require 
other vegetable oils such as sunflower, rapeseed and soybean oil to fill the demand gap.
RISING DEMAND FOR
VEGETABLE OILS
SUPPLY DISRUPTION
OF PALM OIL
Outlook
Outlook
Potential Impact
Potential Impact
Our Response
Our Response
•  Drive productivity through innovation and improved efficiency, thus generating higher production sustainably. For example, we are 
working to improve yields with our GenomeSelect TM seeds while transforming our operational practices through advanced 
mechanisation, automation and digitalisation
•  Continue to build, secure and maintain good relationships with customers by innovating to meet their needs proactively, seamlessly 
and promptly, via a robust supply chain model
•  Actively recruit locals through Project Lokal to reduce reliance on foreign labour
•  Invest in precision agriculture, such as advanced mechanisation, automation, and digitalisation solutions in our upstream operations, 
reducing reliance on manual labour
•  Increase the use of higher-yielding planting materials, such as GenomeSelect TM, which was developed in-house and is also more 
resilient to weather conditions and more efficient in terms of nutrition and water use
• Improve our yield per hectare in all mature areas
2022
50
0 0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
100
150
200
250
300 26.3 27.0 29.0
33.2 34.8 36.7
350
400 (Million MT)
KG
2023 2025 2030 2035 2040
Total Demand (Million MT) Total Supply (Million MT)
Total Population (Billion)Demand per Capita (KG)
Global Vegetable Oil Demand & Supply vs Population
8.0 8.0 8.2
8.5 8.9
8.9
 (Million MT)
USA European Union
China India Indonesia
Total Food Demand for Vegetable Oils
in Leading Consumers70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
200020022004200620082010201220142016201820202022202420262028203020322034203620382040
Source: LMC Oilseeds & Oil Report 2023 Source: United States Department of Agriculture 2023
Palm Oil Supply Forecast
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2024
2026
2028
2030
2032
2034
2036
2038
2040
Indonesia Malaysia Rest of the world
(Million MT)
1992
199419961998200020022004200620082010201220142016201820202022
0
5
10
15
20
25
(%)
Malaysia Indonesia
YoY Growth on Oil Palm Harvested Area
Sime Darby Plantation  page 36
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 39 ----
Palm oil competes for market share with 
other vegetable oils such as rapeseed oil, 
soybean oil and sunflower oil. Although 
it benefits from higher productivity per 
hectare compared to the other oils, it is 
comparatively more labour-intensive, 
particularly during harvesting. In recent 
years, the expansion of oil palm 
plantations in Malaysia and Indonesia has 
slowed because of environmental 
concerns.
Collectively, these factors pose 
challenges for palm oil to scale up and 
increase long-term production.
Palm oil prices continue to be volatile due 
to disruptions and constraints in global 
supply. In 2022, these disruptions caused 
CPO prices to reach an all-time high.
Prices were stable in 2023 but remain 
susceptible to changes in global demand, 
tariff structures in major export and 
import countries, geopolitical factors, 
biodiesel mandates, and CPO inventory 
levels in Indonesia and Malaysia. The 
looming fear of a recession in China adds 
to the list of potentially disruptive factors.
Source: LMC Oilseeds & Oils Report 2023
Source: World Bank
Source: World Bank
In 2023, palm oil and soybean oil accounted for over 64% of the vegetable oil market. 
This may increase to 67% by 2040. While soybean oil currently ranks second to palm oil, 
the gap between the two is likely to narrow over the next few years as palm oil supply 
growth in Southeast Asia slows, while the plantation of soybeans expands in Brazil. 
Some industry watchers predict that soybean may account for 33% of vegetable oils by 
2040, next to palm oil at 34%.
The price of palm oil currently sits at around USD1,000 per tonne, remaining strong 
compared with historical levels. Between now and 2040, its price is expected to remain 
relatively stable, at around USD1,000-1,200/MT, with the occasional spike in between. 
The next spike may occur in 2024, triggered by the 2023/24 El Nino season.
INCREASED COMPETITION FROM 
OTHER EDIBLE OILS
VOLATILITY OF
VEGETABLE OIL PRICES
Outlook
Outlook
Potential Impact
Potential Impact
Our Response
Our Response
•  Further enhance productivity and efficiency by replanting with higher-yielding GenomeSelect™ seeds and implementing precision 
agriculture through mechanisation, automation and digitalisation to improve yields and productivity while reducing costs
•  Continue to focus on innovation for product differentiation, providing solutions that fulfil customer needs within the shortest 
possible lead time
•  Explore diversification into the production of other crops and build the necessary supply chain
•  Enhance and optimise our supply chain to ensure seamless connectivity and prompt response to customer needs
•  Focus on growing the downstream business to minimise the impact of price volatility on the Group’s revenue
•  Increases the proportion of differentiated product offerings over commodity products Differentiated products enjoy more stable 
prices as these are less vulnerable to volatilities caused by market shocks and disruptions
•  Identify and expand alternative revenue streams from renewable sources, i.e. solar, biogas, biomass and alternative land uses
20
0
Coconut
Oil
Cottonseed
Oil
Groundnut
Oil
Palm Kernel
Oil
Sunflower
Seed Oil
Rapeseed
Oil
Soybean
Oil
Palm
Oil
40
60
80
100
120
2023 2040
World Edible Production Forecast
(Million MT)
500
400
300
200
100
0
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
Vegetable Oil Price
(USD/MT)
(USD/BBL)
Jan-03
Jan-04
Jan-05
Jan-06
Jan-07
Jan-08
Jan-09
Jan-10
Jan-11
Jan-12
Jan-13
Jan-14
Jan-15
Jan-16
Jan-17
Jan-18
Jan-19
Jan-20
Jan-21
Jan-22
Jan-23
Coconut oil
Soybean oil
Brent Crude Oil 
(USD/BBL)
Palm oil
Rapeseed oil
Palm kernel oil
Sunflower oil
Integrated Report 2023 page 37
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 40 ----
Our Market Landscape
The palm oil industry is often required to defend itself against questions on sustainability, 
focussing on deforestation, open burning and forced labour, as  governments, such as the 
European Union (EU) – have been imposing increasingly more stringent regulatory 
requirements. 
•  In 2018, the EU called for a phase-out of the use of palm-based biofuels in Europe by 
2030
• In 2022, the EU Standing Committee on Plants, Animals, Food, and Feed (SCoPAFF) set 
limits of quantification (LOQ) for mineral oil aromatic hydrocarbons (MOAH) in fats/oils 
at 2mg/kg. European food companies will begin complying with the LOQ in the 
near-term
•  On 29 June 2023, the EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR) was passed, banning the 
import of any product that has contributed to deforestation
There is increasing pressure for companies to step up and take urgent decarbonisation action to 
limit global warming in line with the Paris Agreement. This has resulted in pressure on corporates 
and investors to also make environmental, social and governance (ESG) commitments.
In Malaysia, the Securities Commission Malaysia updated the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance (MCCG) in 2021, to encourage companies to address sustainability risks and 
opportunities in an integrated and strategic manner, in order to support their long-term strategies.
Agricultural players have traditionally invested in mechanisation to enhance physical operations and reduce their dependence on 
labour. More recently, they have started to embrace digital technologies to take operational, administrative, and business management 
efficiencies to a new level. With a 360-degree view of estates via data collection, mining and analysis, plantation owners are able to 
plan, strategise, and make decisions more effectively.
In the downstream sector, there is increasing adoption of Fourth Industrial Revolution (IR4.0) concepts such as artificial intelligence (AI) 
and the Internet of Things (IoT) which utilise digitalisation and automation to improve manufacturing processes. 
There are also growing expectations for digital solutions to support and improve ESG practices.
Regulations related to palm oil have 
become more prominent since the 
EUDR came into effect. Going 
forward, developed economies are 
expected to start imposing further 
regulations aligned with net-zero 
carbon emission commitments.
As food safety and carbon 
emissions-related regulations 
become more stringent, agricultural 
companies will have to be more 
vigilant about maintaining the 
standards expected.
Demand for climate action will 
continue to intensify as 
businesses, regulators and 
governments seek to fulfil their 
decarbonisation pledges.
HEIGHTENED REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
ACCELERATING DEMAND FOR CLIMATE ACTION COMMITMENT
GROWING EMPHASIS ON DIGITALISATION
Outlook
Outlook
Potential Impact
Potential Impact
Potential Impact
Our Response
Our Response
Our Response
• Effectively manage sustainability issues by engaging with relevant regulators and governments to address any allegations, resolve 
disputes, and create solutions
•  Ensure the sustainability of improvement plans, from the assessment phase to their implementation and rollout beyond Malaysia
•  Commit to achieving net-zero carbon emissions across the entire value chain by 2050, supported by a comprehensive strategy that 
includes accelerating renewable energy (RE) implementation, expanding land use transformation, and engaging with our suppliers
•  Set Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) targets and are monitoring the progress of our emissions reduction initiatives
•  Continued adherence to MCCG 2021 by adopting and implementing practices and policies to address sustainability risks and 
opportunities
•  Focus on our digital delivery to achieve the targets outlined in our digital roadmap, aiming to transform our operations and align our 
processes and practices with global ESG standards. This includes incorporating intelligence into our systems and machinery to 
enhance operational efficiencies and governance.
•  At the organisational level, explore and adopt relevant technologies that enable us to be more data-driven, leveraging insights 
obtained through data analytics, AI/machine learning and IoT solutions
•  Set up a Digital Academy to develop digital and related skills in our people, equipping them with the relevant tools and capabilities 
to be more agile and thrive in a continuously changing business landscape
Sime Darby Plantation  page 38
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 41 ----
Following the Paris Agreement, many countries are 
pledging to achieve net-zero emissions. This surge is 
further driven by heightened expectations from global 
investors for transparency and the implementation of 
stricter regulations, such as carbon taxes, which have 
already been introduced in neighbouring countries, 
Singapore and Indonesia. With the likelihood of 
Malaysia adopting a similar carbon tax system in the 
near future, industries are preparing for its potential 
impact with many turning their focus towards RE.
The Malaysian Government has consistently sought 
alignment with global carbon obligations. On 27 July 
2023, it launched the National Energy Transition 
Roadmap (NETR) which is expected to unlock between 
RM1.2 trillion and RM1.3 trillion in investment 
prospects by 2050, for local and foreign investors. 
This is projected to contribute an additional  
RM220 billion to GDP and create approximately 
310,000 green growth job opportunities by 2050.
The Total Primary Energy Source (TPES) modelling indicates that Malaysia’s 
energy demand will increase marginally at 0.2% annually from 
approximately 1,105MWh in 2023 to 1,186MWh in 2050.
NETR’s Responsible Transition will help Malaysia to shift from traditional, 
fossil fuel-based energy systems to a greener, low-carbon energy 
framework. The ambition to achieve 70% RE share of installed capacity by 
2050 is expected to be achieved, driven predominantly by solar PV 
installations. Significant solar capacity growth is required in the next three 
decades, with 59 GW of installed capacity by 2050.
SURGING DEMAND FOR RENEWABLES Outlook
Potential Impact NETR’s National Energy Mix
Vegetable oil demand has entered a wave of expansion driven by interest in 
renewable bio-based road and aviation fuels. In 2023, the world’s total 
vegetable oil consumption for policy-driven biofuels increased by  
2.79 million tonnes from 2022, and consumption is expected to grow by 
4.4% per annum up to year 2040.
Biofuel policies are being pursued with renewed 
vigour in the US, EU and elsewhere. Renewable diesel 
technologies allow for higher fuel blends than fatty 
acid methyl esters (FAME), while sustainable aviation 
fuel (SAF) policies will add another layer to biofuel 
consumption.
Biofuel
Compared with 2017-2022, global biogas production growth is expected to 
accelerate over 2023-2028 thanks to the introduction of impactful new 
policies in more than 13 countries in 2022-2023. 
The greatest growth will be in the EU and North America, owing partially to 
established infrastructure and greater experience, and driven by previous 
policies that make rapid deployment in a five-year term possible. Since 
China and India have considerable biogas production potential, rising 
energy demand and ambitious decarbonisation goals, they are also likely to 
be ready for accelerated growth beyond 2028.
Biogas production began to grow in the 1990s and 
has been rising since then, but policy support has only 
surged strongly in the last two years, due to a 
combination of factors. 
First, with energy security concerns caused by the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict and the subsequent energy 
crisis, biogas is now regarded as a domestic energy 
source that can reduce dependence on natural gas 
imports and support energy security in many 
countries. 
Second, given the urgent need to limit any rise in the 
global temperature to 1.5°C, countries have begun to 
view biogas as a ready-to-use technology that can 
help accelerate decarbonisation in the short term, and 
are developing specific policies that include biogas as 
a key component in their energy transition strategies.
Biogas
50
0
100
150
200
250
Food Policy-driven biofuels Non-fuel industrial
Total World Vegetable Oil Consumption
2023 2030 204020352025
(Million tonnes)
PV Hydro Bioenergy Oil Gas Coal
Installed Capacity (GW)
Solar Growth +14% CAGR
46
29%
42%
14% 12%
3%1%
56
1%
2%
11%
46%
15%
25%
82
1%
1%
36%
11%
52%
97
1%
29%
11%
58%
68
1%
2%
39%
12%
38%
9%
49
2%
23%
43%
16%
14%
1%
2025 2035 2045 205020402030
Source: NETR
Source: LMC Oilseeds & Oil Report 2023.
Integrated Report 2023 page 39
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 42 ----
In 2024, geopolitical tensions rose further as a result of the evolving 
Israel-Palestine conflict. 2024 is also dubbed the year of elections, with 
many populous nations holding elections such as India, the US, Indonesia, 
Pakistan, Russia and Mexico, which are also major markets for edible oil 
consumption and production. 
In the face of volatility, it is important for businesses to be cognisant of 
current and emerging risk trends as well as opportunities.
GEOPOLITICAL RISKS Outlook
Geopolitical unrest – such as the Russia-Ukraine and 
Israel-Palestine conflicts – affects the edible oil 
industry, causing fluctuations in demand, disruptions in 
global supply chains, and increased volatility in 
commodity prices.
Potential Impact
Our Response
•  Continue to monitor geopolitical developments
• Close engagement with customers and suppliers to understand impact
• Monitor global raw material prices to ensure budget accuracy
Our Market Landscape
Our Response
Leveraging on NETR Agenda
• We proactively strategise RE initiatives, ensuring that all development plans are in line with the latest national directives
• While our primary goal is to reduce the Group’s carbon emissions and fulfil our net-zero commitments, we will explore opportunities to 
generate additional revenue streams through RE projects
Contributing to National Objectives
• We contribute to the national energy transition plan by leasing our lands for the development of solar farms. Some of our land is near 
industrial areas and could be used for RE generation
Utilisation of All Our Assets
• We embrace circular economy principles by utilising waste materials from our mills as feedstock for bioenergy through the operation of biogas plants 
and planned biomass initiatives. Consequently, we reduce the carbon intensity of SD Plantation’s palm products and supply chain
Readiness for Emerging Trends
• Following the surge in RE demand, we are exploring future technologies such as battery energy storage systems (BESS), hydrogen, and 
agrivoltaics
Biogas & Biomass
• We are exploring more RE opportunities using biogas and biomass
Sime Darby Plantation  page 40
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 43 ----
 Geopolitical Risk
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
RISK TREND
Managing Our Key Risks
As with any other industry, the palm 
oil industry faces numerous risks 
that could be potentially disrupt and 
impede the achievement of strategic 
targets. In response, Sime Darby 
Plantation (SD Plantation or the 
Group) has taken a proactive stance 
by systematically identifying both 
current and anticipated risks, and put 
in place mechanisms to manage and 
mitigate them. In the following pages, 
we outline our key risks as well as the 
strategies implemented to minimise 
their impact.
INCREASED DECREASED STATIC
Geopolitical uncertainties from events such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Israel-
Palestine conflicts could affect demand from the Group’s key markets, disrupt global 
supply chains and cause volatility in commodity prices. 
FY2024 will see numerous general elections around the world. Elections in the countries 
where we operate – i.e. Indonesia and the Solomon Islands – could heighten political and 
security risks for the Group.
Potential Impact
• Decline in demand from key markets
• Increase in operating costs
Key Mitigation Strategies
•  Continuously monitor key geopolitical developments that may expose the Group to 
systemic risks and realign strategies such as supply chain decisions
•  On-the-ground and close engagement with customers and suppliers to monitor and 
understand the impact of geopolitical developments
•  Close monitoring of global raw material prices to ensure accurate budget costing for 
projects
•  Adopting appropriate selling strategies in response to the changing operating 
environment
1
DESCRIPTION
Competition
Geopolitical uncertainties
Challenges in attracting
and retaining talent
Supply chain disruptions
Inexperienced harvesters
High backlog on
pruning and
sanitationRising
interest rates
CPO price volatility
Legal & Regulatory
Climate &
Sustainability
Default by
customer
Financial
Operations
Strategic
Compliance
Note: Risk perspectives that are closer to the centre of the radar have either a significant impact/
strategic importance to SD Plantation and/or have a higher probability of occurrence.
Innovation
Operational
Excellence
RISK TREND
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Capital Impacted
Material Matters
Integrated Report 2023 page 41
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 44 ----
 Supply Chain Risk
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
RISK TREND
Geopolitical uncertainties continue to pose a threat to global supply chains as 
international conflict could impact shipping routes, rates and availability.
Potential Impact
• Disruption to business operations
• Increased cost of doing business (i.e. freight rates)
Key Mitigation Strategies
• Implement proper planning and inventory management
•  Manage costs strategically by, for example, consolidating orders for better utilisation 
of containers and undertaking bulk purchases for economies of scale
2
DESCRIPTION
 Legal and Regulatory Risk 3
DESCRIPTION
Changes in the regulatory landscape in the markets where the Group operates may expose 
us to higher compliance costs and increased scrutiny.  
Rising nationalistic sentiment, particularly in the countries with upcoming elections 
where the Group operates, exposes Sime Darby Plantation (SD Plantation) to the risk of 
unfavourable policies that could impact the Group’s strategy, operations and financials. 
Potential Impact
• Increased cost of doing business
• More stringent regulatory requirements in the countries where the Group operates
Key Mitigation Strategies
• Proactive engagement and communication with all stakeholders to understand and, 
where possible, mitigate the potential impact of proposed regulatory changes 
• Close liaison with local regulators or authorities to ensure continued compliance with 
any policy changes
• Active monitoring of potential policy changes to prevent any non-compliance
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
RISK TREND
Sustainability
Operational
Excellence
Operational
Excellence
Managing Our Key Risks
Capital Impacted
Material Matters
Capital Impacted
Material Matters
Sime Darby Plantation  page 42
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 45 ----
 Climate and Sustainability Risk 4
DESCRIPTION
Sustainability posed a key risk in FY2023 with increasing scrutiny from customers 
and regulators resulting in stricter sustainability requirements (e.g. Mineral Oil 
Saturated Hydrocarbons (MOSH)/ Mineral Oil Aromatic Hydrocarbons (MOAH) and 
3-monochloropropane diol (3MCPD) and Glycidyl fatty acid esters (GE) requirements). 
An emerging risk includes the European Union Deforestation Regulation (EUDR) in 
response to climate change, which comes into effect on 30 December 2024.
Adverse or unpredictable/ unexpected weather conditions intensified by El Nino 
in countries where the Group operates may also have an impact on the safety and 
productivity of employees, yield and supply chain. 
Potential Impact
• Increasingly stringent requirements from customers and regulators on sustainability 
practices
• Increased cost of doing business
• Adverse weather impacting yield and productivity
Key Mitigation Strategies
•  Developed a strategy to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 with targets that have been 
approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)
• Implementing Project OMEGA initiative to accelerate food safety compliance and 
certification of SD Plantation’s oil mills
• Active engagement with all stakeholders to communicate the Group’s sustainability 
initiatives
• Continuous strengthening of sustainability practices on the ground, with monitoring and 
tracking to ensure compliance
• Climate risk management initiatives, e.g. community awareness of fire prevention in 
Indonesia; and water conservation, soil management, water irrigation and retention 
strategies
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
RISK TREND
 Operational Risk 5
High backlog on pruning and sanitation
The labour shortage and reassignment of general workers to harvesting operations during 
the pandemic resulted in a substantial backlog for pruning and sanitation. However, this 
risk has been significantly reduced with the arrival of workers in FY2023.
Potential Impact
• Lower productivity leading to opportunity loss
Key Mitigation Strategies
• Mechanisation and automation initiatives, such as utilisation of specialised machinery, 
mechanical cutters and mini excavators
• Active recruitment of pruners
• Close monitoring by management
DESCRIPTION Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
RISK TREND
Innovation
Sustainability
Operational
Excellence
Innovation
Operational
Excellence
Material Matters
Capital Impacted
Capital Impacted
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Material Matters
Integrated Report 2023 page 43
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 46 ----
 People Risk 6
DESCRIPTION
DESCRIPTION
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
RISK TREND
Inexperienced harvesters
Lack of relevant skills or experience among harvesters as new workers have little to no 
experience in harvesting.
Challenges in attracting and retaining talent
Increased cost of living, challenging economic conditions, and the expansion of job markets 
beyond borders with new/remote ways of working increase the flight risk to our talent pool. 
There is also increased competition in attracting and retaining the right talent.
Potential Impact
• Lower productivity leading to opportunity loss
Potential Impact
•  Lack of resources and diminished availability of specific skillsets, experience and 
knowledge to execute the Group’s strategies
Key Mitigation Strategies
• Accelerate mechanisation, automation and digitalisation initiatives in plantations, 
including finding technological solutions for harvesting
• Attract, retain and motivate local workers via improved remuneration, additional 
training, and collaboration with government agencies as well as educational 
institutions to tap into local talent
• Intensive on-the job training to accelerate skills development among harvesters, while 
actively monitoring their productivity and coverage
• Implement operational solutions such as team-based harvesting system fostering 
collaboration and specialisation
Key Mitigation Strategies
• Comprehensive succession plans for critical job functions, with succession planning 
made a key performance indicator (KPI) for key management personnel
• Continuous training and development through Digital Academy and Learning on 
Demand to enhance employees’ skills and knowledge
• Robust performance management framework to identify and develop key talents 
• Rewards review and benchmarking to ensure competitive remuneration packages
• Focus on employee well-being through programmes in collaboration with Naluri, Sime 
Darby Oil’s Culture of Care and other initiatives 
RISK TREND
Sustainability
Operational
Excellence
Innovation
Sustainability
Operational
Excellence
Managing Our Key Risks
Material Matters
Material Matters
Capital Impacted
Capital Impacted
Sime Darby Plantation  page 44
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 47 ----
 Competition Risk 
 Commodity Risk 
7
8
Competition risk escalates under challenging economic conditions, exacerbated by 
factors such as market demand for vegetable oils, increase in operating costs, inflationary 
pressure, and regulatory changes.  
The CPO price was volatile in FY2023 due to factors such as intense competition from 
other vegetable oils, weak demand for palm oil, as well as higher palm oil output.
Potential Impact
• Intense price competition affecting profitability
Key Mitigation Strategies
•  Close monitoring of customers’ and competitors’ strategies to better prepare for any 
shift in market trends
• Close engagement with customers to ensure competitiveness
• Continuous assessment and realignment of selling strategies to remain competitive
• Marketing activities to strengthen the Group’s brand in key markets
•  Operational initiatives to ensure quality of products and services as well as their 
differentiation 
Potential Impact
• Lower profitability
• Risk of higher inventories due to lower demand
Key Mitigation Strategies
•  The Group uses derivative instruments to hedge against the risk of adverse price 
fluctuations 
•  Improve product and service offerings through diversification and differentiation of 
existing products
DESCRIPTION
DESCRIPTION
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
RISK TREND
RISK TREND
Innovation
Operational
Excellence
Operational
Excellence
Material Matters
Capital Impacted
Material Matters
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Capital Impacted
Integrated Report 2023 page 45
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 48 ----
 Financial Risk 9
DESCRIPTION Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars 
RISK TREND
Soft demand for palm oil due to economic conditions, competition from other oils and high 
inventories could increase the risk of payment default by buyers as well as non-performance of 
contracts. 
Potential Impact
• Financial losses
Key Mitigation Strategies
•  Active monitoring of credit exposures and outstanding contracts at various levels of 
management including the Group Credit Committee 
•  Implementation of controls to manage deferment of delivery (e.g. obtain appropriate 
approvals)
•  Enforcement of advance payment terms or more secured payment methods on higher-
risk contracts 
• Secure trade credit insurance to mitigate credit risk
DESCRIPTION
Link to SD Plantation’s 
Strategic Pillars
High interest rates
Multiple interest rate hikes by central banks worldwide in FY2023 have increased the cost of 
financing for SD Plantation, suppliers and customers. This has indirectly increased the cost of 
doing business for all parties.
Potential Impact
• Increased financing costs
Key Mitigation Strategies
•  The Group’s gearing is diligently monitored and maintained at a reasonable level by 
optimising cash utilisation and assessing the currency of the Group’s borrowings to 
manage interest rate risks 
•  Permitted derivative instruments such as short-tenure interest rate swaps are 
considered to protect against adverse interest rate movements
RISK TREND
Operational
Excellence
Operational
Excellence
Managing Our Key Risks
Material Matters
Material Matters
Capital Impacted
Capital Impacted
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Operational
Performance People ManagementMacroeconomic
Conditions
Social and
Environmental Impact
Occupational Safety
& Health Performance
Capital 
Management
Sime Darby Plantation  page 46
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 49 ----
RISK APPETITE
SD Plantation’s risk appetite is the amount of risk we are willing to accept in pursuit of our strategic objectives. Our risk appetite 
statements are guided by our Risk Appetite Framework. For more information on the Risk Appetite Framework, please refer to  
page 129 .
Areas
Risk Appetite Statement
Growth
SD Plantation will pursue growth strategies that are clearly stipulated in the Board 
approved Strategy Blueprint. Due consideration as to the risks and mitigating actions 
pertaining to these strategies would be assessed at every iteration of the Strategy 
Blueprint.
Debt/Funding  
from operations
SD Plantation is committed to pursue strategies as stated in the Board approved 
Strategy Blueprint with investment and capital expenditure implications that facilitate 
it maintaining an adequate level of liquidity (as prescribed by the Board) and an 
appropriate credit rating from an external credit rating agency(s).
Reputation and  
brand image
SD Plantation will avoid any situation or action that will negatively impact our 
reputation and brand and, if an undesirable situation does arise, manage it aggressively 
to protect its reputation and brand image.
Robust risk  
and control 
environment
SD Plantation aims to maintain adequate controls for all key risks identified (including 
but not limited to strategic, operations, compliance and financial risks) in which the 
Group will endeavour to remain vigilant in risk identification and management to 
protect its business and reputation. 
Environment
SD Plantation maintains its businesses in such a way as to minimise, to as low as 
reasonably practicable, risks to the environment as a matter of principle. The Group 
will comply with environmental laws and regulations and endeavour to maintain high 
standards.
Safety & Health
SD Plantation will minimise, to as low as reasonably practicable, risks to safety and 
health as a matter of principle. The Group will comply with safety and health laws and 
regulations and endeavour to maintain high standards.
Integrated Report 2023 page 47
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 50 ----
Our Strategy Blueprint
SD Plantation’s Strategic Charter (FY2023 – 2027)
OPERATIONAL 
EXCELLENCESUSTAINABILITY INNOVATION
KEY ENABLERS
FORGING GROWTH THROUGH SUSTAINABILITY AND INNOVATION
• Leadership in Climate Action and 
Social Performance
• Build Resilient Supply Chains 
• Building Trust Through 
Engagement and Transparency
• Performance Excellence Across All 
Businesses
• Delivery of Customer Value 
(Quality & Safety)
• Sustained Value Creation via 
Transformation
• Innovation that drives Business 
Growth
• Digitalisation transforming Business 
Solutions and Integration
• Ecosystem to intensify Innovation 
Rigour
Capital Allocation & Portfolio Management
Talent & Culture Corporate Governance & StructureResearch & Development
Brand & Communication
FY2023-2027 SD Plantation’s objectives and goals: 
Sustainable 
YoY PATAMI 
Growth
Improved Oil 
Yield
Carbon Emission 
Reduction in line 
with Net-Zero 
Commitment
100% Traceable 
Commodities
100% Human 
Rights Risk 
Managed 
Strategic Priorities
“Sustainability 
Leadership that 
Differentiates”
“Strengthening
& Growing the 
Core”
“Monetising 
Innovation for 
Growth”
Sime Darby Plantation  page 48
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 51 ----
Review of Strategic Performance
Initiatives Achievements 
•  Land use transformation – reforestation of suboptimal 
and unplantable areas and peat management
• Acceleration of renewables into solar and biogas
•  Implement enhanced fair labour practices programme 
in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea (PNG), and Solomon 
Islands
•  External validation of supply chain traceability data 
and No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation 
(NDPE) International Reporting Framework
• Building climate resilient supply chains
• Rollout of Smallholder Programme
•  Identification of strategic jurisdictional/landscape 
projects for SD Plantation participation 
•  Reduction in Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 
(RSPO) non-compliance throughout SD Plantation 
operations
•  Enhancing transparency and improve Sustainable Palm 
Oil Transparency Toolkit (SPOTT) ranking
• SPOTT evaluation and ranking
• Environmental, social and governance (ESG) ratings
• SBTi target validation
• Supply chain transparency
Key Priorities/Focus Areas:
1.  Leadership in climate action and social performance
2. Build resilient supply chain
3.  Build trust through engagement and transparency
Resource Allocation
Strategy Pillar I: Sustainability 
Headline KPIs
SD Plantation has developed a comprehensive five-year strategic blueprint that will serve as a roadmap for growth 
and ensure our long-term success at the forefront of our industry. Our strategy prioritises sustainability, leverages 
our core strength in operational excellence, and positions innovation as a key value driver while enabling us to 
future-proof our business.
•  Obtained the approval of the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) on our net-zero targets in November 
2023
•  Planted 2.28 million trees as of 2023
•  Dedicated 400 hectares of peatland in operations in 
Sarawak, East Malaysia for reforestation, and 
restorating into a functional peat ecosystem, opting 
not to replant oil palm
•  The completion of 2 biogas plants in 2023 and 
commissioning of 3 rooftop solar projects*
•  SDO refinery carbon profiles completed
•  Participated on international and local platforms (e.g. 
Innovation Forum, RSPO, large industry engagement 
platforms)
•  SD Plantation supply chain traceability data and No 
Deforestation, Peat and Exploitation - Implementation 
Reporting Framework (NDPE-IRF) profiles for FY2022 
were successfully verified externally
•  SD Plantation's SPOTT Ranking improved from #7 to 
#4, our highest rating since the inception of the 
benchmarking in 2014
• Execute net-zero carbon roadmap in stages
•  Focus on biogas and solar expansion under renewable 
energy initiatives
•  Intensify land use transformation across our operations
•  Profile our leadership in social performance through 
enhanced labour practices
•  Improve traceability to plantations across supply chains
•  Support and facilitate adoption of responsible 
agriculture practices by smallholders
•  Gain recognition as a sustainable supply chain partner of 
choice for customers
•  Adopt leading standards for disclosures, such as the 
International Sustainability Standard Board IFRS S1 and 
S2
Priorities for 2024
*The 3 rooftop projects are at SD Plantation Tower, R&D Banting and 
Center of Sustainability, and R&D Carey Island.
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Integrated Report 2023 page 49
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 52 ----
Initiatives Achievements 
•  Implementation of large-scale advanced mechanisation, 
automation, and digitalisation initiatives in plantations
•  Maximising yield and minimising losses by adoptions of 
Best Practices and adherence to Agriculture Reference 
Manual (ARM). Ensuring continuous improvement in crop 
quality, sustaining optimal productivity and effective 
resources allocation
•  Reduced dependence on foreign workers in Malaysia by 
modernising plantation work and offering attractive 
remuneration to qualified and skilled local workers
•  Improving and standardising operations across 68 mills in 
four countries, to ensure all plants meet international 
food safety production standards
•  Upstream are focussed on yield improvement. In 
addition to this, Indonesia is focussing on replanting and 
improving workers' living and working conditions. 
PNG and SI on the other hand, on product quality and 
cost efficiency
• FFB production/yield
• OER & KER
• Mill utilisation
• Acreage replanted per annum
• Land-to-man ratio
• Sales of physical CPO
• Customer Satisfaction Index
• Organisational Health Index
• Revenue
• PBIT/PBT
• Overall Equipment Effectiveness
• Differentiated vs commodity ratio
• Refinery utilisation/availability
• Brand perception – External Customer Survey
• HSE Index
• Environmental, Social & Governance
• Culture of Care (CoC)
• Digitalisation
• Value Creation
Key Priorities/Focus Areas:
1. Performance excellence across all businesses
2. Delivery of customer value (quality & safety)
3. Sustained value creation via transformation
Resource Allocation
Strategy Pillar II: Operational Excellence 
Headline KPIs
• Launched Palm Digital and SMART platform
•  Completed rollout of certain non-harvesting 
machinery
•  FFB production in Malaysia increased 6% to 8,705,185 
MT; OER was 21.18% (2022: 21.10%) and KER was 
4.86% (2022: 4.87%)
•  Reduced need for 1,973 general workers (not 
harvesters), as a result of mechanisation
•  Certified 11 mills with the Hazard Analysis Critical 
Control Points (HACCP) since commencement of 
Project OMEGA, bringing total number of HACCP-
certified mills in Malaysia to 15
•  Met MOSH/MOAH target levels in NBPOL CPO 
production
•  Achieved ideal harvester ratio i.e. sufficient number 
of harvesters in Malaysia Operations
• Improve yield from all mature areas
•  Strengthening the fundamentals toward operational 
excellence
•  Streamlining the operations to best agro management 
practices as per the ARM
•  Improve equipment efficiency at mills, produce CPO that 
meets food quality and safety standards
•  Strengthen supply of quality raw materials with low 
levels of MOSH and MOAH
•  Continue to create value through business 
transformation, and intensify focus on ESG in line with 
stakeholder expectations
•  Continue to enhance critical areas of food safety, HSE 
and efficiency to meet highest standards, maintaining our 
leadership
•  Improve customer experience via mechanisation, 
automation, and digitalisation, particularly in new 
product development
•  Engage suppliers who embrace high labour standards 
within their supply chains to become more competitive 
and sustainable
•  Pro-active marketing to reposition our products and 
create additional value from our leadership position
Priorities for 2024
Review of Strategic Performance
Sime Darby Plantation  page 50
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 53 ----
Initiatives Achievements 
• Yield enhancement through genomics
•  Continuous product innovation to meet customer 
demand
•  Emphasis on alternative crops as part of Food Strategy 
in support of the Malaysian national food security 
agenda
•  Process and product enhancement using advanced 
network, digital and automation solutions 
•  Deployment of digital platforms to optimise workflows, 
increase efficiency, and streamline monitoring 
procedures for enhanced ESG governance
•  Streamline supply chain operations through integrated 
business planning and market intelligence services
•  Development of “digital workforce” of drones and 
unmanned ground vehicles for plantation work
• Identification of avenues for new business ventures
• Acreage planted with premium seedlings
• Expansion into new strategic businesses
•  Develop innovation, digital-first and agile mindset 
among employees
•  Upskill and reskill our employees through launch of 
SD Plantation Digital Academy to build a future-ready 
workforce
•  Co-create innovative technology through internal 
cross-functional collaboration and external 
partnerships
•  Strengthen our innovation ecosystem to support our 
innovation agenda
Key Priorities/Focus Areas:
1. Innovation that drives business growth
2.  Digitalisation to transform business solutions 
and integration
3. Ecosystem to intensify innovation rigour
Resource Allocation
Strategy Pillar III: Innovation
Headline KPIs
•  Commercialised our super-charged seeds in the 
market
•  Development of new healthy bakery products, e.g., 
low calorie and Low Saturated Fatty Acids (SAFA) 
shortening, alignment of plant-based product 
development strategy with current products
•  Met MOSH/MOAH specifications in NBPOL and grow 
volume for new commercialisation opportunities in 
Malaysia
•  Digitisation of product and customer data to support 
growth
• Use of rentice land for cash crop farming
•  Delivered traceability to mills for internal supply as 
planned for internal and external reporting
•  Accelerate business-as-usual initiatives for renewable 
energy, waste management and circular economy
•  Improve management of risks associated with new 
ventures
• Enhance efficiency in automated data collection
•  Continue to enhance process optimisation and reduce 
costs
•  Adopt a customer-centric approach to improve 
customer satisfaction
•  Explore novel business models with innovation as a 
core component
•  Promote a strong innovation culture and digital and 
technology literacy through learning and development
•  Strengthen our capabilities in data and analytics, 
product and design, and digital leadership
•  Develop self-maintained tools and platforms to reduce 
reliance on external parties
•  Intensify technology scouting and adoption of new 
technology
•  Focussing on the completion of mechanisation, 
automation and robotics prototypes
•  Accelerate deployment of selected mechanisation 
initiatives
Priorities for 2024
Financial Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Intelectual Capital Natural CapitalSocial & 
Relationship Capital
Integrated Report 2023 page 51
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 54 ----
Chief FinancialOfficer’s
Review
For the year 2023, SD Plantation 
reported a net profit of RM1.860 
billion, translating to an earnings 
per share (EPS) of 26.9 sen, based 
on which the Company declared a 
total dividend of RM1.037 billion 
at 15.0 sen per share. These results 
were very commendable given the 
confluence of challenging events in 
our operating environment, 
particularly declining prices of oil 
seeds, demand fluctuations, high 
interest rates and the increased 
cost of borrowing. Although the 
prices of CPO and other 
commodities rallied in July 2023, 
the average for the year did  
not match 2022’s exceptional 
prices.
INFLATION, HIGH INTEREST RATES AND LOWER COMMODITY PRICES
In the United States (US), to contain inflation which peaked at 9.1% in June 2022, the 
Federal Reserve increased interest rates 11 times. This achieved the intended results, 
with inflation gradually declining to 3.4% by December 2023; yet it remained above 
the Federal Reserve's target of 2%. On a positive note, the global energy crisis 
triggered by the Russia-Ukraine conflict in 2022, dissipated in 2023, resulting in 
healthy demand recovery. However, global trade is now affected by growing fears of 
the Israel-Palestine conflict spreading across the Middle East.
Overall, global growth decelerated from 3.5% in 2022 to 3.0% in 2023, well below the 
historical average of 3.8% between the years 2000–2019. 
In Malaysia, the sharp rise in interest rates, together with adverse movements of the 
Ringgit against major currencies, put pressure on the cost of borrowing, and continued 
to negatively impact the economy. The price of CPO, as mentioned, softened 
considerably from the record-breaking highs of 2022, when the Malaysian Palm Oil 
Board (MPOB) monthly average reached its peak in the second quarter. However, 
lower-than-expected production in Malaysia and Indonesia, as well as concerns over 
the impact of El-Nino continued to provide support for prices. 
More positively, the labour shortage situation facing the industries in Malaysia saw 
improvements with the arrival of more foreign workers subsequent to the Malaysian 
government rolling back its restrictions on hiring of foreign workers in February 2022. 
For SD Plantation, with the exception of our East Malaysia operations, this ensured 
that we finally enjoyed a full complement of workers in our estates and mills by the 
end of 2023. The shortage in Sabah and Sarawak is expected to be resolved by 
mid-2024. 
Commendable Financial Performance
Despite the headwinds, SD Plantation closed the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 (FY2023) with commendable results, registering a net profit of RM1.860 billion. 
It was, however, 25% lower than the preceding year’s net profit, mainly due to lower 
recurring profit before interest and tax (PBIT) and higher finance costs, partially 
mitigated by higher non-recurring PBIT.  
Sime Darby Plantation  page 52
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 55 ----
GROUP PROFIT/LOSS (RM’million) 2022 2023
Revenue 21,030 18,428
Recurring profit before interest and tax 3,324 1,800
Non-recurring transactions 291 1,127
Profit before interest and tax 3,615 2,927
Finance income 12 23
Finance cost (135) (198)
Profit before tax 3,492 2,752
Tax expenses (809) (719)
Profit after tax 2,683 2,033
Perpetual Sukuk (124) (124)
Non-controlling interests (71) (49)
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company 2,488 1,860
Recurring PBIT was largely affected by lower realised CPO and 
PK prices, and hence margin pressures, although this was 
mitigated by growth in overall FFB production year-on-year 
(YoY), driven by the recovery in our Malaysian operations.
Further affecting profit, our finance costs increased by a 
significant 47% YoY to RM198 million, driven up by the 
increase in benchmark lending rates. This was partially 
mitigated by our borrowing balance decreasing by an average  
of 6% during the year.
Upstream
Malaysia
275
207
612
1,084
266
1,117
1,153
2,408
600
861
1,127
291
47
55
Upstream
Indonesia
Upstream
PNG/SI
Profit before Interest & Tax (PBIT)
(RM’million)
Total
Upstream
Downstream Other
Operations
Non-recurring
Items
FY2022 FY2023
During the year we divested certain non-performing assets and 
marginal land as part of ongoing efforts to deleverage. This 
contributed to a non-recurring profit of RM1.127 billion, which 
comprised mainly of gains from the sale of land in Malaysia and 
the disposal of equity interests in two of the Group’s wholly-
owned subsidiaries in Indonesia, PT Ladangrumpun Suburabadi 
(PT LSI) and PT Sajang Heulang (PT SHE).
Lower CPO Price Reflected in Segmental Performance  
The declining CPO price, together with margin pressures, naturally affected the Group’s operating segments.
Integrated Report 2023 page 53
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 56 ----
The Upstream Operations reported a recurring PBIT of  
RM1.153 billion, 52% lower than the previous year’s, largely 
due to the 15% and 35% decline in the average realised prices 
for CPO and PK respectively, and higher estate and mill 
operating costs. The latter was driven primarily by an increase 
in labour costs, particularly in Malaysia, where the Group is 
rehabilitating our operations. The Group also incurred higher 
maintenance costs in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon 
Islands where the estates were inundated by high rainfall and 
subsequent floods.
These margin pressures were partially compensated for by the 
6% growth in FFB production during the year, driven by 
recovery in the Malaysian operations. Upon resolution of the 
labour shortage and improvement in operating conditions at the 
estates, production in Malaysia increased by 18% YoY. The CPO 
extraction rate (OER) also inched up to average at 21.18%, from 
21.10% in 2022.
The Downstream segment reported a recurring PBIT of  
RM600 million compared to RM861 million in 2022. Strong 
profits were recorded by our European refineries due to higher 
margins and sales volume, driven by recovery from the energy 
price shocks experienced in 2022 and improved demand, as 
economies around the region picked up.
The Asia Pacific bulk and differentiated market segments 
remained challenging, registering lower margins as a result of 
declines in their average selling prices. Likewise, the trading 
segment also underperformed, owing to the adverse impact on 
price from higher-than-expected palm oil inventory levels in 
Malaysia, better output of competing oils as well as lower 
energy prices.
Managing Leverage Amid High Interest Rates & Depreciating 
Ringgit
One of our key priorities is to ensure the Group remains agile in 
times of economic stress, hence we continue to optimise 
leverage by driving down gearing. Maintaining an optimal 
borrowing profile has, moreover, become paramount in the face 
of rising interest rates and foreign exchange uncertainties.
Consistent efforts in this regard have resulted in SD Plantation’s 
gearing improving tremendously since our listing, with net debt 
reducing from RM6.540 billion as at end 2017 to RM4.452 
billion at end 2023. The Group’s gearing ratio, measured as net 
debt to equity (DE ratio), fell to 29% at the end of 2022, 
achieving our leverage aspiration of less than 30%, one year 
ahead of target. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s net DE 
ratio reduced further to 22%.
Despite constraints in the financial markets with persistent 
inflation and an escalating cost of borrowing, the Group 
successfully raised new term loan facilities exceeding  
Chief Financial Officer’s Review
RM2.5 billion in 2023. The new banking facilities, which are 
integral to SD Plantation’s continuous debt management, 
comprise mostly Ringgit denominated borrowings, taking 
advantage of the weak ringgit, and prevailing lower interest 
rates, compared to USD denominated borrowings.
 
The new banking facilities will also reduce the Group’s foreign 
exchange risk by lowering our exposure to fluctuating foreign 
currencies. As of 31 December 2023, 43% of the Group’s 
borrowings were denominated in USD, compared to 63% a year 
earlier, despite the significant appreciation of the greenback 
against Ringgit in 2023.
The Group’s net borrowings as of 31 December 2023 decreased 
by RM1.009 billion to RM4.452 billion, mainly due to net loan 
repayments totaling RM1.029 billion and a net increase in cash 
of RM201 million, enabled by surplus cash generated from our 
operations. Our net repayment mitigated the impact of 
appreciating foreign currencies against the Ringgit, resulting in 
a lower total borrowing balance.
Maintaining Prudence in Capital Management 
Prudent capital management is critical for maximising returns to 
the Group as well as mitigating risks associated with capital 
depreciation, financial distress, value dilution or corporate 
credit rating downgrades. The Group strives to optimise our 
capital allocation by balancing our resources among competing 
requirements while managing our financial targets. 
SD Plantation’s capital allocation in 2023 was as follows:
RM’million 2022 2023
Funds from operations & 
divestments:
Operating cash flow 3,644 3,075
Proceeds from disposals 438 1,466
Dividend income & others 63 10
Finance cost, net of finance 
income (177) (303)
Total available capital 3,968 4,248
Uses of funds:
Capital expenditure 1,729 2,129
Dividends & perpetual sukuk 
distribution 1,751 820
Reduction in net debt 458 1,230
Repayment of leases & others 30 69
Total allocation 3,968 4,248
Sime Darby Plantation  page 54
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 57 ----
In order to grow our production capacity, RM1.073 billion – or 50% of the Group’s total capital expenditure of RM2.129 billion for 
the year – went towards oil palm planting. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 81,505 ha of immature oil palm areas planted 
with improved planting materials which will lead to higher potential yields in the future.
The Group paid a total of RM820 million in dividends to shareholders of the Group’s holding company and minority shareholders of 
our subsidiaries, together with distribution to holders of the Group’s perpetual sukuk, ensuring sufficient returns on investments.
Meanwhile, in line with our objective to reduce our leverage and ensure good credit standing, the Group reduced our net debt by 
RM1.230 billion during the year. 
Meeting Our Dividend Policy
SD Plantation declared a total dividend of RM1.037 billion for FY2023, which represents a payout of approximately 63% of the 
Group’s recurring net profits and 50% of net profits from non-recurring activities. This exceeds the Group’s policy of distributing 
not less than 50% of the consolidated recurring net earnings as dividends to shareholders.
Details of the dividends are as follows:
FY2022 FY2023
Net per share 
(sen) RM’million Net per share 
(sen) RM’million
Interim dividend 10.00 692 3.25 225
Special dividend – – 5.70 394
Final dividend 6.04 418 6.05 418
16.04 1,110 15.00 1,037
OUTLOOK FOR 2024
Although CPO demand is expected to remain steady in the long term, near-term demand could be impacted by seasonally high 
stockpiles in key destination countries as well as continued geopolitical risks and the likelihood of further moderation in global 
economic growth. On the supply side of the equation, unpredictable weather is a concern for vegetable oils production globally. 
This in turn, is anticipated to provide favourable support for CPO price in 2024. 
With the improved labour situation and rehabilitation of our Upstream Malaysia operations, the Group is optimistic of sustaining 
our FFB production growth in 2024. Whilst continuing with operational improvement efforts, SD Plantation also actively seeks 
strategic collaborative opportunities to advocate positive change in the industry.
Taking these factors into consideration, and barring any unforeseen circumstances, the Group remains positive about our short and 
long-term prospects; and looks forward to another satisfactory performance in FY2024.
RENAKA RAMACHANDRAN
Chief Financial Officer
Integrated Report 2023 page 55
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 58 ----
5-Y ear Group Financial Summary
FY 31 December
FINANCIAL YEAR  ENDED (RM’000) 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
FINANCIAL RESULTS
CONTINUING OPERATIONS
Revenue 12,001,593 13,044,271 18,532,714 21,029,690 18,427,883
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation (EBITDA) 1,615,960 3,077,921 5,005,271 4,987,137 4,359,334
Profit before interest and tax 409,947 1,853,374 3,673,916 3,614,596 2,927,303
Profit before tax 255,377 1,754,250 3,600,069 3,492,200 2,752,455
Profit after tax 278,946 1,288,724 2,490,685 2,683,270 2,033,379
Perpetual sukuk (124,300) (124,641) (124,300) (124,300) (124,300)
Non-controlling interests (28,952) (53,352) (111,694) (70,895) (49,039)
Profit from continuing operations attributable to 
equity holders of the Company 125,694 1,110,731 2,254,691 2,488,075 1,860,040
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
(Loss)/profit from discontinued operations 
attributable to equity holders of the Company (325,854) 73,838 – – –
(Loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of the 
Company (200,160) 1,184,569 2,254,691 2,488,075 1,860,040
FINANCIAL POSITION
Share capital 1,506,119 1,506,119 1,633,790 1,633,790 1,633,790
Reserves 11,754,854 12,147,381 13,554,332 14,733,439 16,108,766
Shareholders' equity 13,260,973 13,653,500 15,188,122 16,367,229 17,742,556
Perpetual sukuk 2,231,398 2,231,398 2,231,398 2,230,717 2,231,058
Non-controlling interests 368,351 384,850 436,641 418,068 432,799
Total equity 15,860,722 16,269,748 17,856,161 19,016,014 20,406,413
Borrowings 7,744,927 6,682,203 6,250,676 6,096,488 5,282,303
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 35,735 17,699 138,513 139,100 12,260
Other liabilities 4,866,338 5,351,001 6,090,382 5,896,524 6,185,478
Total equity and liabilities 28,507,722 28,320,651 30,335,732 31,148,126 31,886,454
Non-current assets 23,541,567 23,476,819 23,318,312 23,908,544 25,511,672
Current assets excluding Cash 4,012,270 4,369,523 5,806,885 5,953,585 5,378,541
Assets held for sale 522,538 165,280 607,972 651,004 165,859
Cash 431,347 309,029 602,563 634,993 830,382
Total assets 28,507,722 28,320,651 30,335,732 31,148,126 31,886,454
FINANCIAL RATIOS
Operating margin (%) 3.4 14.3 19.6 16.9 15.7
Return on shareholders' equity (%) (1.5) 8.7 14.8 15.2 10.5
Net Debt/Equity (%) 46.1 39.2 31.6 28.7 21.8
Net Debt/EBITDA (times) 4.5 2.1 1.1 1.1 1.0
SHARE INFORMATION(1)
Basic earnings per share (sen) (2.9) 17.2 32.6 36.0 26.9
Net assets per share attributable to owners of the 
Company (RM) 1.9 2.0 2.2 2.4 2.6
Net dividend per share (sen) 1.0 11.6 20.3 16.0 15.0
1  Based on number of ordinary shares in issue of 6,884,575,283 as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, and 6,915,714,601 as at 31 December 2021,  
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 56
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 59 ----
Simplified Statements
of Financial Position
TOTAL ASSETS
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
2023
Property plant and equipment InventoriesIntangible assets Trade & other receivables
Other non-current assets Other current assets & assets held for sale
60%
10%
8%
7%
10%
5%
57%
9%
9%
8%
10%
6%
2022
53%
20%
9%
8%
3% 9%
Shareholders’ funds Borrowings Trade & other payablesDeferred tax liabilities
Other liabilities Perpetual sukuk and non-controlling interests
56%
17%
8%
7%
4% 8%
20232022
Integrated Report 2023 page 57
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 60 ----
Segmental Analysis
Upstream
Malaysia
Upstream
Indonesia
Upstream
PNG/SI
Total
Upstream
Downstream
External Inter-segment
Other
Operations
2022  2023 2022  2023 2022  2023 2022  2023 2022  2023 2022  2023
10
5
15
20
25
0
 (RM’billion)
REVENUE (RM'million)
PROFIT BEFORE INTEREST & TAX (RM'million)
275
612
266
600
47
1,127
207
1,084
1,117
861
55 291
Upstream Malaysia Upstream PNG/SIUpstream Indonesia
Downstream Other Operations Non-recurring Transactions
Total Revenue
2022: RM21,030
2023: RM18,428
Total
2022
RM3,615
Total
2023
RM2,927
Sime Darby Plantation  page 58
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 61 ----
Statement of Value Added
& Value Distribution
RM’million 2022 2023
VALUE ADDED
Turnover 21,030 18,428
Direct & Indirect Costs (14,229) (12,333)
Value Added from Operations 6,801 6,095
Other Operating Income 838 1,392
Other Gains/(Losses) 41 (113)
Share of Results of Joint Ventures 37 39
Share of Results of Associates 15 1
Finance Income 12 23
Total Value Added 7,744 7,437
VALUE DISTRIBUTED
Employees 2,750 3,069
Government & Society 849 750
3,599 3,819
Providers of Capital
Dividends to Equity holders of Company 1,548 642
Finance Costs 197 336
Non-controlling Interests 71 49
Perpetual Sukuk 124 124
1,940 1,151
Reinvestment and Future Growth 2,205 2,467
Total Value Distributed 7,744 7,437
RM’million
First
Quarter
Second 
Quarter
Third
Quarter
Fourth 
Quarter
Year
2023
Revenue  4,069  4,305  4,774  5,280  18,428 
Operating profit  301  520  1,645  421  2,887 
Profit before interest & tax  303  527  1,661  436  2,927 
Profit for the period/year  108  422  1,259  244  2,033 
Profit attributable to equity holders of the 
Company  69  380  1,211  200  1,860 
Earnings per share (Sen)  1.0  5.5  17.5  2.9  26.9 
RM’million
First
Quarter
Second 
Quarter
Third
Quarter
Fourth 
Quarter
Year
2022
Revenue  4,381  5,587  5,392  5,670  21,030 
Operating profit  1,029  1,109  618  807  3,563 
Profit before interest & tax  1,060  1,146  622  787  3,615 
Profit for the period/year  780  862  431  610  2,683 
Profit attributable to equity holders of the 
Company  718  812  396  562  2,488 
Earnings per share (Sen)  10.4  11.7  5.7  8.1  36.0 
Quarterly Performance
Integrated Report 2023 page 59
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 62 ----
3-Y ear Plantation Statistics
FY2021 (January 2021 - December 2021) FY2022 (January 2022 - December 2022) FY2023 (January 2023 - December 2023)
Malaysia Indonesia PNG & SI Total Malaysia Indonesia PNG & SI Total Malaysia Indonesia PNG & SI Total
FFB Production (in MT) 4,630,138 2,609,306 1,889,565 9,129,009 3,513,096 2,780,881 1,912,796 8,206,774 4,149,629 2,684,735 1,870,821 8,705,185
OP Hectarage (in ha)
• Mature hectares 256,381 159,874 85,451 501,706 253,129 158,336 84,839 496,304 253,864 149,202 83,752 486,818
• Immature hectares 40,612 31,950 5,440 78,002 42,969 32,878 5,963 81,810 41,274 33,021 7,210 81,505
• Total planted hectares 296,993 191,825 90,890 579,708 296,098 191,214 90,802 578,114 295,138 182,223 90,962 568,323
Yield per Hectare (in MT/ha) 18.54 16.47 22.06 18.49 14.01 17.66 22.37 16.63 16.71 17.58 22.07 17.92
FFB Processed (in MT)
• Own 4,626,249 2,608,159 1,889,565 9,123,973 3,513,096 2,780,881 1,912,796 8,206,774 4,149,622 2,676,343 1,870,821 8,696,786
• Outside 717,966 590,217 557,174 1,865,357 722,712 555,656 587,697 1,866,065 623,774 537,837 558,922 1,720,532
• Total 5,344,215 3,198,376 2,446,739 10,989,330 4,235,809 3,336,537 2,500,493 10,072,839 4,773,396 3,214,180 2,429,743 10,417,319
Mill Production
• Crude Palm Oil (in MT) 1,119,997 692,818 559,686 2,372,501 846,688 711,340 567,156 2,125,184 973,859 696,177 536,008 2,206,044
• Palm Kernel (in MT) 265,305 144,253 139,166 548,724 204,000 143,781 142,697 490,478 229,759 140,636 135,484 505,879
• Oil Extraction Rate (%) 20.96 21.66 22.87 21.59 19.99 21.32 22.68 21.10 20.40 21.66 22.06 21.18
• Kernel Extraction Rate (%) 4.96 4.51 5.69 4.99 4.82 4.31 5.71 4.87 4.81 4.38 5.58 4.86
Rubber
• Planted hectare (in ha) 12,013 12,013 5,009 5,009 4,895 4,895
• Rubber production (in kg) 3,840,036 3,840,036 1,774,035 1,774,035 1,231,046 1,231,046
• Yield per Hectare (kg/ha) 800 800 363 363 248 248
Coconut
• Planted hectare (in ha) 139 139 278 278 304 304
Sugarcane
• Planted hectare (in ha) 5,637 5,637 5,637 5,637 5,637 5,637
• Cane yield (MT/ha) 40.74 40.74 41.02 41.02 41.02 41.02
Beef Production
• Total herd as at December (in heads) 27,499 27,499 27,490 27,490 28,189 28,189
• Average deadweight (kg/head) 280 280 290 290 279 279
Total Landbank/Concession 341,815 256,169 146,646 744,630 341,535 256,007 146,646 744,188 340,953 242,127 146,790 729,870
Sime Darby Plantation  page 60
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 63 ----
FY2021 (January 2021 - December 2021) FY2022 (January 2022 - December 2022) FY2023 (January 2023 - December 2023)
Malaysia Indonesia PNG & SI Total Malaysia Indonesia PNG & SI Total Malaysia Indonesia PNG & SI Total
FFB Production (in MT) 4,630,138 2,609,306 1,889,565 9,129,009 3,513,096 2,780,881 1,912,796 8,206,774 4,149,629 2,684,735 1,870,821 8,705,185
OP Hectarage (in ha)
• Mature hectares 256,381 159,874 85,451 501,706 253,129 158,336 84,839 496,304 253,864 149,202 83,752 486,818
• Immature hectares 40,612 31,950 5,440 78,002 42,969 32,878 5,963 81,810 41,274 33,021 7,210 81,505
• Total planted hectares 296,993 191,825 90,890 579,708 296,098 191,214 90,802 578,114 295,138 182,223 90,962 568,323
Yield per Hectare (in MT/ha) 18.54 16.47 22.06 18.49 14.01 17.66 22.37 16.63 16.71 17.58 22.07 17.92
FFB Processed (in MT)
• Own 4,626,249 2,608,159 1,889,565 9,123,973 3,513,096 2,780,881 1,912,796 8,206,774 4,149,622 2,676,343 1,870,821 8,696,786
• Outside 717,966 590,217 557,174 1,865,357 722,712 555,656 587,697 1,866,065 623,774 537,837 558,922 1,720,532
• Total 5,344,215 3,198,376 2,446,739 10,989,330 4,235,809 3,336,537 2,500,493 10,072,839 4,773,396 3,214,180 2,429,743 10,417,319
Mill Production
• Crude Palm Oil (in MT) 1,119,997 692,818 559,686 2,372,501 846,688 711,340 567,156 2,125,184 973,859 696,177 536,008 2,206,044
• Palm Kernel (in MT) 265,305 144,253 139,166 548,724 204,000 143,781 142,697 490,478 229,759 140,636 135,484 505,879
• Oil Extraction Rate (%) 20.96 21.66 22.87 21.59 19.99 21.32 22.68 21.10 20.40 21.66 22.06 21.18
• Kernel Extraction Rate (%) 4.96 4.51 5.69 4.99 4.82 4.31 5.71 4.87 4.81 4.38 5.58 4.86
Rubber
• Planted hectare (in ha) 12,013 12,013 5,009 5,009 4,895 4,895
• Rubber production (in kg) 3,840,036 3,840,036 1,774,035 1,774,035 1,231,046 1,231,046
• Yield per Hectare (kg/ha) 800 800 363 363 248 248
Coconut
• Planted hectare (in ha) 139 139 278 278 304 304
Sugarcane
• Planted hectare (in ha) 5,637 5,637 5,637 5,637 5,637 5,637
• Cane yield (MT/ha) 40.74 40.74 41.02 41.02 41.02 41.02
Beef Production
• Total herd as at December (in heads) 27,499 27,499 27,490 27,490 28,189 28,189
• Average deadweight (kg/head) 280 280 290 290 279 279
Total Landbank/Concession 341,815 256,169 146,646 744,630 341,535 256,007 146,646 744,188 340,953 242,127 146,790 729,870
Integrated Report 2023 page 61
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 64 ----
ANNOUNCEMENT OF UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
21ST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
DIVIDEND
Announcement Date Entitlement Date Payment Date
Financial Calendar
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
24 May 2023 23 August 2023
1st Quarter
Ended 31 March 2023
2nd Quarter
Ended 30 June 2023
Notice Date : 25 April 2024
Meeting Date : 28 May 2024
24 November 2023 22 February 2024
3rd Quarter
Ended 30 September 2023
4th Quarter
Ended 31 December 2023
Interim dividend of 3.25 sen per ordinary share
23 August 2023 2 November 2023 17 November 2023
Special interim dividend of 5.70 sen per ordinary share
27 October 2023 27 December 2023 24 January 2024
Final single tier dividend of 6.05 sen per ordinary share
22 February 2024 6 May 2024 20 May 2024
Sime Darby Plantation  page 62
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 65 ----
Investor Relations
HOW WE ENGAGE WITH OUR INVESTOR COMMUNITY 
Our Investor Relations (IR) team has a well-planned calendar of events encompassing quarterly results announcements and briefings, 
annual general meetings (AGMs), roadshows, site visits as well as group and one-on-one meetings with members of the investor 
community. This is in addition to responding efficiently to requests or queries received; and posting important information as well 
as updates on the IR microsite of the Group’s corporate website.
Since the pandemic, we have conducted most of our engagements with the investor community online, as per the government’s and 
our own standard operating procedures (SOPs). For safety precautions, our AGMs have also been conducted virtually since 2020, 
and the same format will be applied for the upcoming AGM to be held on 28 May 2024. Holding the AGM virtually, moreover, 
ensures that all shareholders are able to attend the proceedings, including those living overseas.
We issue our quarterly financial results on Bursa Malaysia as per the Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR). In conjunction with 
releasing these results, we organise analyst briefings, where analysts and fund managers can pose any queries they may have with 
regard to SD Plantation’s performance to assist them in deriving fair market evaluation of the company and recommendations on 
the Group. The quarterly announcements and presentations are also shared publicly on our corporate website. 
All IR engagements are led by authorised spokespersons including the Group Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Head of 
IR to ensure credibility and effective communication. The GMD and CFO lead the investor relations activities with support from the 
IR team. 
At Sime Darby Plantation (SD Plantation or the Group) our investors and shareholders are not only 
critical providers of financial capital but are also contributors to our governance structure which is 
crucial to ensure the company’s sustained growth and success. To maintain confidence and manage 
their expectations, our experienced Investor Relations team engages regularly with our investor 
community who also comprises fund managers, financial analysts, credit rating agencies and ESG rating 
agencies. Our priority is to keep them updated on the Group’s material developments, providing fair 
and balanced information on matters that are of interest to them, transparently and in a timely fashion.
INVESTOR CONFERENCES
We participate regularly in investor conferences organised by research houses and fund managers to increase our visibility within 
the investor community, and to provide our input and investment insights on the plantation industry. During the year, we 
participated in the following conferences:
Event Date Physical/Virtual
CGS-CIMB Annual Malaysia Virtual Corporate Day 4 January Conference Call
UBS OneASEAN Conference 30 May – 1 June Physical
BNP Paribas Global ESG Corporate Access 27 June Physical
CIMB ESG Corporate Day 12 September Physical
RHB Sectorial Series X Bursa Malaysia: Plantation 26 September Conference Call
SITE VISITS
We encourage investors, fund managers and analysts to visit our plantations/estates for a better understanding and a first-hand 
experience of how we manage our operations and business. During the year, two plantation visits were organised:
Visit Date
Affin Hwang ESG themed visit to Tennamaram Estate 14 March 2023
UBS Plantation Day visit to Carey Island 2 August 2023
Integrated Report 2023 page 63
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 66 ----
ANALYST COVERAGE
The following 17 analysts, representing local and international research houses, covered our stock in 2023. As at end 2023, the 
average target price of our stock stood at RM3.18, with 4 Buy, 10 Hold and 3 Sell recommendations.
No. Research House Analyst(s)
1 Affin Hwang Investment Bank Berhad Nadia Aquidah
2 AmInvestment Bank Berhad Gan Huey Ling
3 BIMB Securities Sdn Bhd Noorhayati Maamor
4 Citi Research Lester Siew
5 CLSA Securities Malaysia Sdn Bhd Abdul Hadi Manaf
6 Hong Leong Investment Bank Berhad Chye Wen Fei
7 KAF Equities Sdn Bhd Thomas Soon
8 Kenanga Investment Bank Berhad Teh Kian Yeong
9 Macquarie Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Huan Wen Gan
10 Maybank Investment Bank Berhad Ong Chee Ting
11 MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad Team coverage
12 Nomura Securities International Inc. Raghavendra Divekar
13 Public Investment Bank Chong Hoe Leong
14 RHB Investment Bank Berhad Hoe Lee Leng 
Syahril Hanafiah
15 TA Securities Holdings Berhad Angeline Chin
16 UBS Securities Pte. Ltd. Amanda Foo
17 UOB Kay Hian Private Limited Leow Huey Chuen 
Jacquelyn Yow Hui
Investor Relations
In the table below, we itemise the issues that analysts/fund managers brought up the most, as well as our latest updates on those 
issues: 
Issue Summarised Update
Revelant 
disclosures on 
pages
Modification of 
findings by the 
USCBP 
•  On 3 February 2023, the USCBP announced it had modified the forced labour finding 
against SD Plantation
•  This came following the comprehensive measures we took to ensure the Group’s 
operations are free from forced labour, such as the reimbursement of all recruitment 
fees incurred by our former and current workers
•  To ensure the changes implemented are sustained, the Group has introduced improved 
grievance channels and procedures as well as social dialogue platforms for workers, the 
latter being the industry’s first. We also enhanced our recruitment procedures and 
introduced an ESG scorecard in our operations to drive behavioural change
ESG matters 
(net-zero/SBTi 
submission/
biodiversity & 
conservation, 
etc)
•  In November 2023, SD Plantation became the world’s first palm oil company to have 
net-zero targets that are approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)
•  We are expanding our reforestation, conservation, biodiversity as well as reforestation 
efforts with initiatives such as rehabilitating 400 ha of peatland in our Sarawak estates
•  Through smallholder support programmes, we educate and assist smallholders to get 
their operations sustainably certified
Sime Darby Plantation  page 64
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 67 ----
Issue Summarised Update
Revelant 
disclosures on 
pages
Our growth 
strategy/
expansion plans
•  The key pillars of our growth strategy are operational excellence, sustainability and 
innovation
Operational excellence
•  Our immediate focus under the operational excellence pillar, is the rehabilitation of our 
Malaysian operations with the availability of more foreign workers in our operations, 
especially harvesters, to help us improve our productivity. We also continue to focus on 
improving efficiency, occuptional safety and the standards of our operations and mills 
to become food-safe compliant facilities and explore further value creation/circular 
economy initiatives to add value to our by-products
•  Following an acute labour shortage for two years our Malaysian operations focussed on 
addressing the labour shortage through the recruitment of foreign workers and 
attracting more locals as well as accelerating our mechanisation and automation efforts.
Sustainability
•  Under the sustainability pillar, the immediate key focus would be on the execution of 
our Net-Zero Roadmap in stages and achieving a 100% NDPE-committed supply chain 
by 2025
•  On the social front, we are also committed to pushing for changes/improvements in the 
industry by continuing to take on leadership roles and advocate for more positive 
changes (for example our CFO is Co-Chair of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 
(RSPO) Human Rights Working Group)
Innovation
•  The innovation pillar will ensure that we are able to future proof our business through 
actionable and differentiated insights
Innovation/
mechanisation 
automation & 
digitalisation
•  SD Plantation has made great progress in automating and mechanising our operations 
to reduce our reliance on manual labour and attract more locals as we strive for a 100% 
local workforce (for non-harvesting work) in our Malaysian plantations by end 2027 
(with a proviso that a solution for a mechanised/ automated cutter is achieved)
•  We are introducing new roles and skills in plantation work, such as drone pilots, bot 
operators and maintenance and software engineers as we use data and robotics to 
improve productivity and efficiency
•  We are also driving innovation through active third-party collaboration to complement 
our internal resources
Financial and 
operational 
performance
•  CPO prices in 2023 were lower than the record highs seen in 2022 and generally less 
volatile, with prices hovering between RM3,500 to RM3,800 for the most part of 2H
•  Cost of production increased with substantial hike in the cost of fertiliser and labour, 
the latter due to one-off recruitment costs as we filled up our labour shortage and the 
impact from higher minimum wage rate in Malaysia. The rehabilitation efforts in our 
estates in Malaysia further increased costs as our operations caught up with estate 
upkeep activities that needed to be done
•  OER and yields in Malaysia, which were affected in 1H due to labour shortage over the 
last two years, improved in second half of FY2023 following with our estate 
rehabilitation initiative
•  On the downstream front, our operations in Europe performed extremely well with 
higher margins and volumes which helped to mitigate poor performance in the Asia-
Pacific operations impacted by the challenging market conditions
Integrated Report 2023 page 65
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 68 ----
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
We also have a sizeable number of foreign investors who make up approximately 10% of our shareholding.
Foreign Shareholding in SD Plantation From January to December 2023
Jan-23
4
2
6
8
10
12
0
Feb-23 Mar-23 Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23 Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23
9.96%
10.64%
10.65%
10.53%
10.22%
10.24%
10.22%
10.13%
9.91%
9.89%
10.75%
10.80%
*Includes 9.96% foreign shareholding
SHAREHOLDING 
STRUCTURES AS AT
29 December 2023
55.29%
14.82%
6.60%
23.29%
OTHERS*
PANTONE 284 CVC
Investor Relations
Sime Darby Plantation  page 66
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 69 ----
SHARE PRICE MOVEMENT IN 2023
Volume Traded (Million Shares)
Closing Price of the Month (RM)
CONTACT
Members of the investor community who would like to get in touch with the IR team can email us at  
 investor.relations@simedarbyplantation.com 
Jan 
2023
Feb 
2023
Mar 
2023
Apr 
2023
May 
2023
Jun 
2023
Jul 
2023
Aug 
2023
Sep 
2023
Oct 
2023
Nov 
2023
Dec 
2023
Highest (RM) 4.50 4.45 4.51 4.48 4.58 4.39 4.61 4.56 4.58 4.34 4.55 4.56
Lowest (RM) 4.28 4.23 4.16 4.21 4.22 4.15 4.28 4.31 4.28 4.20 4.31 4.43
Volume Traded 
(Million shares) 45.48 35.66 44.76 24.81 62.45 45.72 57.30 41.38 35.96 40.83 37.02 33.19
1.0
0.5
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
5.0
0
4.43
4.56
4.31
4.55
4.20
4.34
4.28
4.58
4.31
4.56
4.28
4.61
4.15
4.39
4.22
4.58
4.21
4.48
4.16
4.51
4.23
4.45
4.28
4.50
Jan-23 Feb-23 Mar-23 Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23 Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23
60.00
50.00
40.00
30.00
20.00
10.00
0
70.00
Highest Lowest Volume Traded
Integrated Report 2023 page 67
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 70 ----
Business Review
Key Focus Areas
Upstream
Our upstream business involves the development, cultivation and management of oil palm plantations and milling of fresh fruit 
bunches (FFB) into crude palm oil (CPO) and palm kernel (PK). We manage 234 plantation estates and 68 palm oil mills in Malaysia, 
Indonesia, Papua New Guinea (PNG) and the Solomon Islands (SI) spread across a total landbank of 729,870 hectares (ha). 
 
We also develop, cultivate and manage sugarcane plantations, and rear cattle for beef production.  
With R&D capabilities encompassing all research requirements across our integrated value chain, we have pioneered various 
innovations to improve plantation yields and operations. Our breakthrough in oil palm genomics resulted in the award-
winning high-yielding GenomeSelect™ seeds which are now commercially available. Through mechanisation, automation and 
digitalisation, we are transforming laborious manual work in plantations and reimagining oil palm plantations of the future. 
Firmly rooted in sustainable operations, our mills are 100% certified to the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), making 
us one of the world’s largest producers of Certified Sustainable Palm Oil (CSPO).  
•  Replanting: We target to replant 100% of our plantations 
with GenomeSelectTM for optimum productivity
•  Manuring: We adhere to best practices to ensure our palms 
grow and produce optimally. This includes proper timing of 
fertiliser application to maximise nutrient uptake
•  Reimagining plantations: We are transforming our 
plantation operations to become tech-driven through 
intense mechanisation, automation and digitalisation    
•  Mills transformation: Accelerating certification of 
SD  Plantation oil mills as food safety compliant  
facilities under the Project OMEGA
2023 OVERVIEW 
Inflation and the depreciation of the Ringgit contributed to 
the increase in fertiliser and chemical prices resulting in 
higher cost of agricultural inputs. This required SD Plantation 
to closely monitor our expenses while forging ahead with 
our rehabilitation efforts in Malaysia and replanting 
programmes in Indonesia. 
 
In Malaysia, favourable weather and the availability of more 
labour, especially harvesters, led to increased productivity in 
the second half of the year. Meanwhile, better quality FFB 
and enhanced efficiencies at the mills led to a higher oil 
extraction rate (OER). For the year, Malaysia’s FFB yield 
increased by 18% to 4.15 million metric tons (MT) while OER 
stood at 20.4% (2022: 19.99%). 
 
In Indonesia, the accelerated replanting programme carried 
out since 2016 is addressing the age profile our of 
plantations, especially in South Kalimantan, resulting in 
increased quantity and quality of FFB as well as OER. Results 
have been further enhanced since fields replanted with the 
superior DxP iCalix seeds, beginning 2019, have started to 
mature. These seeds, produced at the Planting Material Unit 
of  Minamas Research Centre in Siak, Riau Province, have led 
to a 10-fold increase in production and sales. In 2023, the 
replanting contributed to an increase in the country’s OER 
from 21.32% to 21.66%. Impacted by a five-month dry spell 
induced by El Nino, however, FFB yield dropped by 3% year-
on-year (YoY) to 2.69 million MT. Indonesia will continue to 
see positive returns from the replanting exercise undertaken, 
as each year, an average of 10,000 ha of newly replanted 
fields will come into maturity.
 
PNG and SI, meanwhile, experienced a 36% YoY increase in 
rainfall with unusually heavy rains in the fourth quarter. This, 
together with smaller mature acreage following replanting, 
contributed to a 2% drop in FFB production from 1.91 million 
MT in 2022 to 1.87 million MT; and saw OER dip from 22.68% 
to 22.06%. 
 
Other than macroeconomic factors, the year was marked by 
several significant corporate developments. Most notably, as 
of February, the CPO export ban to the US was lifted 
following a deep review and revision of our labour-related 
policies and processes. During the year, we also closed down 
our rubber operations in Malaysia to explore other crops that 
can provide better returns. Workers from our rubber estates 
were redeployed to our oil palm plantations, further 
alleviating the labour shortage. Meanwhile, in Indonesia, we 
sold off two subsidiaries – PT Ladangrumpun Suburabadi and 
PT Sajang Heulang – to PT Global Berkat Usahatama (GBU); 
and with the proceeds we were able to fully settle a lawsuit 
that had been ongoing for over a decade. Furthermore, the 
sale of these assets was a boon for productivity, as issues 
surrounding the plantations had been hampering our 
operations for many years.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 68
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 71 ----
PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Operations
Financial
Sustainability
REVENUE
(RM MILLION)
RECURRING PBIT
(RM MILLION)
PNG/SIIndonesiaMalaysia
1,117
266
1,084
612
207
275
2022 2023
PNG/SIIndonesiaMalaysia
3,273
2,984
2,586
2,534
4,514
4,209
2022 2023
Establishment of the Malaysian 
Southern and Northern Region 
Innovation Committees to 
improve operational efficiencies
9,857locals
100 youths 
trained as machine 
specialists in 
collaboration with 
Malaysian Institute of 
Plantation and 
Commodities (IMPAC)
15 TVET graduates
have been placed in our mills upon 
completing a bootcamp conducted with 
National Advanced Youth Vocational 
Institute (IKTBN) Pagoh in 2023
 Recruited
152 local
harvesters in collaboration
with education institutes and 
government agencies
 Training and job placement for
61
Kolej Komuniti students
sponsored by
Yayasan Sime Darby 
Drones are being used 
extensively in our nursery
for weeding and to spot 
overgrown palms
 A new AI programme 
enabled Ganoderma 
areas to be mapped   
in Carey Island
Plans for the use of unmanned 
ground vehicle (UGV) in 
fertiliser application and to 
automate harvesting operations 
are currently underway
Replaced
653 houses
in Indonesia in 2023
(total replaced since 2021:1,395 units)
705 machines
covering all non-harvesting 
operations have been deployed
have been hired
Integrated Report 2023 page 69
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 72 ----
Business Review
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Operations
Key Initiatives Achievements
Mechanisation, automation and 
digitalisation of our plantations 
•  As at the end of 2023, 705 machines have been rolled out in our Malaysian estates, 
covering all non-harvesting operations, namely weeding, rat baiting, sanitation and 
manuring 
•  Early prototypes are being tested for automated harvesting, with the first test 
completed in 2023  
•  Drones are being used extensively in our nursery and immature areas for weeding and 
to identify overgrown palms 
•  As a result of positive tests on UGV prototypes, there are plans for usage of UGVs in 
fertiliser application and to automate harvesting operations 
Digitalisation and innovation to 
further enhance plantation and 
mill management  
•  Several dashboards have been rolled out to measure and oversee operational progress 
•   A new AI programme enabled Ganoderma areas to be mapped in Carey Island 
•  Newly established Southern and Northern Region Innovation Committees have inspired 
employees to contribute 66 innovative ideas to improve operational efficiencies 
•  Project OMEGA – Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) Certification (% 
against target):
 – Malaysia: 31 mills (100%)
 – Indonesia: 6 mills (30%)
 – PNG & SI: 12 mills, 7 KCPs and 5 bulking (100%)
Towards 100% Malaysian 
workforce by end-2027 (for 
non-harvesting activities)
•  A total of 9,857 locals have been hired through various local recruitment drives since 
2020 
•  Development of attractive career paths (since 2020) for local talent, with the hiring of 
603 machine specialists, 39 assistant technicians and 53 field officers since 2020
•  Plans to run a pilot programme to train 100 youths as machine specialists in 
collaboration with Institute of Malaysian Plantation and Commodities (IMPAC) 
•  Collaborating with Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) institutions 
and local communities on upskilling programmes:  
 –  15 TVET graduates were placed in our mills upon completing a bootcamp conducted 
with IKTBN Pagoh in 2023 
 –  Recruited 152 local harvesters in collaboration with Kolej Yayasan Pahang Advanced 
Skills (KYPAS) and Department of Orang Asli Development (JAKOA)
 –  Training and job placement for 61 Yayasan Sime Darby-sponsored Kolej Komuniti 
students  
Replace old semi-permanent 
houses with permanent houses
•  Replaced a total of 653 houses in Indonesia in 2023, bringing the total number of 
houses replaced since 2021 to 1,395 units
Sime Darby Plantation  page 70
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 73 ----
KEY CHALLENGES AND OUR MITIGATION STRATEGIES
Challenge Mitigation strategies Results
Continued worker 
shortage (since the 
pandemic) up to the 
end of the first half 
of the year; and lack 
of experience among 
new workers  
Hired sufficient number of foreign workers 
while adhering to our Migrant Worker 
Responsible Recruitment Procedure, and 
provided adequate training to equip them with 
the required skills.
Intensified efforts to recruit Malaysians by 
making available more skilled jobs and 
opportunities for upskilling local youth.
 
Continue to reduce dependence on manual 
labour through advanced mechanisation, 
automation and digitalisation of plantation 
operations. 
Closed the shortage gap, and new workers are 
sufficiently skilled to carry out their jobs safely 
as well as productively. 
 
Through enhanced mechanisation, we reduced 
our dependence on non-harvesters by 1,723 
workers as of end 2023 from end 2022.
Need to keep at the 
cutting-edge of 
technological 
advancements to 
develop innovative 
solutions to address 
pain points
Establish partnerships with tech start-ups and 
companies, as well as universities.  
In the process of crafting cutting-edge 
autonomous prototypes for both fertiliser 
application and harvesting, with several more 
projects in the pipeline.
Tough-to-navigate 
terrains in plantations 
making it difficult to 
use machines on the 
ground
Technology teams collaborate with internal 
subject matter experts and external solution 
providers to find the best solutions.
Use of drones to map the terrains to assist 
machines in accessing these areas. 
Development of machinery with robust 
components to address different terrain 
requirements.
CREATING STAKEHOLDER VALUE
Stakeholder How We Deliver Value
Workers •  Recruitment of foreign workers in accordance with enhanced Migrant Worker 
Responsible Recruitment Procedure, ensuring that licensed agents appointed adhere to 
International Labour Organization (ILO) standards  
•  All recruitment fees and related costs of employment are paid; and workers sign 
employment contracts in their own native language  
• Workers’ passports and/or personal documents are not withheld  
•  Workers’ accommodation across the Group has been upgraded to ensure a good 
standard of living
• Estate infrastructure – water supply and roads – has been improved
• Employees’ children are given swimming lessons to enhance water safety 
Smallholders •  Our Kredit Koperasi Primer Anggota (KKPA)/Plasma schemes provide assistance/
know-how on oil palm plantation management as part of capacity building
•  Engage frequently with smallholder suppliers on the importance of RSPO/Indonesia 
Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO) certification
Community • Provision of skilled job employment opportunities for youth
•  CSR efforts to enhance the well-being of communities surrounding our operations
• Manage and repair roads for the use of surrounding villagers
•  Assist communities within 5km of our estate boundaries in Indonesia to monitor and 
manage any fire incidents
Integrated Report 2023 page 71
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 74 ----
OUTLOOK
The outlook for 2024 is looking bright as the rehabilitation of our Malaysian operations continues with the availability of 
more harvesters in our plantations and the recovery of our Indonesian plantations from El Nino, both of which are expected 
to contribute to better yields and OER. In Malaysia, efforts to attract more local workers through our recruitment drive and 
collaboration with various TVET partners will also continue. Weather permitting, production from Indonesia and PNG/SI is 
expected to improve as larger tracts of plantation mature. In ensuring continuous improvement of ethical labour practices 
across our global operations, our operations in Indonesia as well as PNG & SI will follow in the footsteps of our Malaysia 
operations, working towards identifying and eliminating any signs of forced labour. 
 
While the price of agricultural inputs started to decrease towards the second half of 2023, we will continue to keep a tight 
rein on spending to ensure healthy margins. In line with our 2050 net-zero target, we will also press ahead with carbon 
emissions reduction initiatives via expansion of our biogas plants at our mills to capture methane from palm oil mill effluent 
(POME), as well as greater use of solar technology and other green energy sources in our operations.
Business Review
KEY WINS 
Indonesia Upstream
•  Gold Medal for Best Practice in Environment, Indonesia Sustainable Development Award (ISDA), acknowledging community-based 
forest and land fire-prevention programme
•  Silver Medal for Best Practice in Environment, CSR Outlook 2023, acknowledging community-based forest and land fire-
prevention programme
We continue to reduce our dependence on manual labour through advanced mechanisation, automation and digitalisation of plantation operations.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 72
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 75 ----
Key Focus Areas
•  Business transformation: Drive operational and 
commercial excellence through Project Matterhorn, 
launched in 2020, with the ultimate objective of 
enhancing profit before interest and taxes (PBIT)
• Culture transformation: Inculcate a Culture of Care (CoC) 
across SDO via regional workshops, train-the-trainer to 
develop CoC change agents, development of regional 
leadership as role models, and effective internal 
communication
•  Digitalisation: Launched our Digital Ambition, 
“Connecting Insights, Delivering Beyond”, anchored on 
customer centricity and data centralisation  
• Net-Zero Journey: Work towards near-term (2030) and 
long-term (2050) emissions reduction targets, involving 
the transition of suppliers in the entire value chain
Sime Darby Oils
Sime Darby Oils (SDO) produces edible oils, palm oil-based biodiesel, nutraceuticals and other palm oil 
derivatives for the global market. Driven by a philosophy of “Realising possibilities, together”, SDO 
collaborates closely with customers to develop bespoke solutions, including superior refined oils and fats 
that are tailor-made to their needs. 
SDO owns and manages 11 refineries with a total capacity of 3.99 million metric ton (MT) per year and a 
total bulking installation capacity of 284,900 MT; four kernel crushing plants with a total annual capacity of 
465,000 MT; one biodiesel plant with a production capacity of 120,000 MT per annum; one soya crushing 
plant with a production capacity of 132,000 MT per annum; as well as two copra mills in Papua New Guinea 
with a combined production capacity of 42,000 MT.
2023 OVERVIEW
The global economic slowdown in 2023 posed challenges for SDO, resulting in an erosion of margins. Despite these challenges, 
SDO managed to successfully achieve several key highlights for the year, showcasing resilience in the face of adversity.
European and African 
operations experienced 
166% year-on-year margin 
growth, driven by firm 
selling prices and cost 
reduction stemming from 
lower feedstock prices and 
decreased energy expenses.
Increased year-on-year 
sales volume primarily 
in Europe, capitalising 
on heightened market 
demand.
Physical sales of fully 
segregated and mass 
balance oils as well as 
Roundtable on Sustainable 
Palm Oil (RSPO) 
certificates increased by 
144% year-on-year.
Integrated Report 2023 page 73
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 76 ----
Business Review
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Key Initiatives Outcomes
Manufacturing Excellence 
& Digitalisation Roadmap
•  Tailored assessment for machinery well-being, emphasising safety, risk management and 
compliance to achieve a safe operating environment
•  Implemented an autonomous predictive maintenance system, improving machine efficiency 
and reducing downtime 
• Equipping employees with knowledge and skills across the manufacturing value chain
•  Established a centralised hub to optimise resource management, enhance data management 
and agile decision-making, and improve customer experience, ensuring strategic alignment 
and providing scalability
• Embarked on Customer Journey Mapping to further improve customer experience
Safety Leadership: 
Towards a Proactive 
Culture
• Conducted multiple Front Line Leadership (FLL) sessions for business unit (BU) supervisors
•  Within Process Safety Management, focus is directed towards change management, shift 
handover, and the Take 5 procedure. This includes managing risks related to process safety, 
ensuring the safety of critical equipment, and implementing procedures for process isolation 
and lockout/tagout (LOTO)
•  Developed Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Competency Profile and Manufacturing 
Value Chain – HSE for employees at all levels
• Distribution of Safe Driver & Rider handbook (developed in 2022)
• Conducted HSE Capability Assessment before appointment of new contractors
•  Inspire HSE performance through inclusion of HSE-related criteria in annual awards such as 
SDO Managing Director’s Award, HSE Excellence Award and SDO Chairman’s Award
Product Innovation &
Development (PID)
•  12 new products commercialised across Frying, Bakery and Confectionery segments in all 
regions, including healthier oils and fats with low trans and saturated fats
•  Butter-Oil Substitute and Low-Trans bakery products were developed and expanded into 
China and South America
•  Development of processes and facilities to promote oil quality in global market; as well as a 
Food Safety Dashboard to track oil quality from mills to customers
•  Expanded the adoption of digital systems to collate and provide access to customer intel, as 
well as our virtual product matching and development tool, iTas Online 
•  Revamped our digital product development and innovation project management portal to 
enable better project and value tracking for new product development
PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Operational Business
Sustainability
Achieved a higher than the 
market average crude palm 
oil (CPO) price for 
Indonesia
•  Delivering 75% No Deforestation, Peat and Exploitation (NDPE) commitment from suppliers in our supply chain based on 
the NDPE Implementation Reporting Framework (NDPE-IRF) developed by the Palm Oil Collaboration Group (POCG)
•  Our traceability to mill (TTM) stands at 96.2%  while traceability to plantation (TTP) stands at 73.9% , an improvement of 
up to 6% over the last three financial years
Sales Volume 
3,393 
 
Capacity Utilisation 
55% 
 FY2022: 3,318 (‘000 MT) FY2022: 61% 
Var YoY: +2% Var YoY: -6%
Sime Darby Plantation  page 74
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 77 ----
Key Initiatives Outcomes
Strategic Communication
& Brand Perception
•  Increased stakeholder engagement with over 230 activities involving global employees and 
and BUs, surpassing the 146 activities organised in 2022
•  Exceeded 2022 volunteering hours of 11,917 hours with SDO employees achieving a total of 
18,042 hours in 2023 through 172 CSR activities encompassing 18 global BUs 
•  Enhanced brand image assessed through an annual customer survey to evaluate perceptions 
of the SDO brand: 
 –  Achieved overall score of 86.3%, which was higher than the previous year’s score of 
84.4%
 – 94% of customers rated SDO’s sustainability performance as “Excellent” or “Good”
•  Our strategic communication efforts under the banner of “Not All Palm Oil is Created Equal 
(NAPOICE)”, have conveyed our commitment to quality, sustainability, and innovation, 
differentiating us from other players in the industry
Towards Net-Zero •  All greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions targets had achieved Science Based Targets initiatives 
(SBTi) validation in December 2023
•  SDO is dedicated to ensuring 79% of our customers and suppliers will have science-based 
targets by 2027, encompassing emissions from purchased goods and services, capital goods, 
fuel and energy-related activities as well as upstream and downstream transportation and 
processing of sold products 
KEY CHALLENGES AND OUR MITIGATION STRATEGIES 
Key Challenges Key Mitigation Strategies
Geopolitical Uncertainties
Potential decline in demand from key 
markets and increase in operating costs 
due to Russia-Ukraine and Israel-
Palestine conflicts, further exacerbated 
by upcoming general elections in 
countries where SDO operates. 
•  Continuous monitoring of geopolitical developments that may expose SDO to 
systemic risks and realign strategies such as supply chain decisions, where 
applicable
•  On-the-ground and close engagement with customers and suppliers to monitor 
and understand the impact of geopolitical developments
•  Close monitoring of global raw material prices to ensure accurate budget 
costing for projects
Climate & Sustainability Risk
Increasingly stringent requirements from 
customers and regulators on 
sustainability practices, which could also 
increase the cost of doing business.
Meanwhile, adverse weather due to El 
Nino or other climate events may impact 
yield and productivity.
•  Developed a comprehensive strategy to achieve net-zero emissions with 
targets approved by SBTi
•  Accelerate Food Safety compliance and certification initiative of  
SD Plantation oil mills through Project OMEGA
•  Active engagement with all stakeholders to communicate the Group’s 
sustainability initiatives
•  Continuous improvement to further strengthen sustainability practices on the 
ground, supported by strict monitoring and tracking to ensure compliance
• Implementation of climate risk management in response to climate change
Competition & Commodity Risk
Intense price competition affecting 
profitability and risk of higher 
inventories due to lower demand.
• Continuous assessment and realignment of strategies to remain competitive
•  Continue to strengthen SDO’s brand through marketing initiatives whilst 
further enhancing product quality and services as well as product 
differentiation
• Use of derivative instruments to hedge against the price fluctuations
Legal & Regulatory Risk
Possibly more stringent regulatory 
requirements to be fulfilled where the 
Group operates.
•  Proactive engagement and communication with all stakeholders to ensure the 
potential impact of proposed regulatory changes is understood and, where 
possible, mitigated
Integrated Report 2023 page 75
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 78 ----
Business Review
CREATING STAKEHOLDER VALUE
Stakeholder How We Deliver Value
Employees •  Prioritise diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) as well as employee experience, emphasising 
employee well-being and professional development
• Provide competitive rewards, comprehensive benefits, and a supportive work environment
Customers •  Committed to understanding and exceeding customer expectations through innovation, quality 
products/services, and personalised experiences
Communities • Engage in philanthropy to support communities’ needs
• Ensure responsible practices to safeguard the environment
NGOs & Civil Society 
Organisations
•  Participate in initiatives and projects that address societal challenges, aligning our business 
practices with broader social goals
Academic Institutions •  Support academic endeavours to elevate skills and knowledge and to develop future industry 
leaders through partnerships and sponsorships
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
Award Recognition Awarding Body
Sime Darby Oils GRADUAN Brand Awards 2023
Most Preferred Employer in Manufacturing & Engineering Category
GRADUAN
SDO Morakot Thai Food and Drug Administration Quality Award 2023
Best Food Manufacturer Quality Standard, Good Governance and 
Social Responsibility Business
Thai Food and Drug 
Administration of the 
Ministry of Public Health
Superbrands Thailand’s Choice Superbrands Thailand
Thai Chamber of Commerce Business
Ethics Standard Test Awards 2023 (TCC BEST 2023)
The Thai Chamber of 
Commerce and  
the Board of Trade
The No.1 Brand Thailand 2023
Most Popular Brand and Excellence in Branding in Cooking Oil Segment
Marketeer Magazine
OUTLOOK
Our top priority in 2024 will be to progress towards our Matterhorn targets, focussing on:
• Talent development and culture transformation
• Enterprise-wide digitalisation 
• Customer centricity to address changing expectations of consumers, investors and other stakeholders
At the same time, we will collaborate more closely with the Group’s Upstream Division to maintain the consistent production 
and supply of high-quality CPO as this will be reflected in the quality and value of SDO’s products. We will also underline our 
commitment to ESG by nurturing a sustainable supply chain. Our goals are for most of our material suppliers to have science-
based emissions reduction targets in line with SBTi by 2027; and for our supply chain to be EU Deforestation Regulation 
(EUDR) compliant by 2024 and NDPE compliant by 2025.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 76
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 79 ----
Key Focus Areas
Renewables
Sime Darby Plantation Renewable Energy Sdn Bhd (SDPRE), established in 2020, is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of SD Plantation. As part of the Group’s net-zero target aspiration, SDPRE is mandated to 
initiate, plan, develop, execute, operate and monitor the Group’s carbon emissions reduction and 
renewable energy growth strategy initiatives (Green Initiatives). 
As part of the Group’s near-term net-zero target, SDPRE  plays a crucial role in assisting the Group to 
achieve a 42% reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 Energy and Industrial (E&I) carbon emissions by 2030. 
SDPRE is also helping to grow the Group’s annual profit before interest and tax (PBIT) in the renewable 
energy business segment to RM100 million by FY2026.
This is to be achieved via biogas, solar and biomass projects. To date, there are 16 operational biogas 
plants in Malaysia, Indonesia and Papua New Guinea which convert methane from palm oil mill effluent 
(POME) into renewable energy. For solar energy, in addition to leasing selected landbank to third parties 
for use as solar farms, SDPRE also undertakes the installation of rooftop solar panels to reduce the 
Group’s conventional energy and diesel consumption. SDPRE also actively explores biomass enhancement 
opportunities at SD Plantation which converts biomass waste into valuable resources, further reducing 
carbon emissions and fostering a circular economy.
SDPRE’s focus areas are in the three business pillars of Biogas, Solar and Biomass:
Biogas
• Seeks opportunities for the development of 
biogas plant installations within the Group’s 
operations to effectively capture methane 
emissions
•  Facilitate and coordinate various renewable energy 
business models such as own asset investment, 
third-party investment as well as joint venture 
partnerships
•  Contribute to SD Plantation’s Carbon Emissions 
Reduction (CER) target while generating income
Solar
•  Seek opportunities, evaluate 
new technologies, initiate 
and coordinate all solar-
related projects, including 
but not limited, to large-
scale solar, rooftop solar and 
off-grid solar systems
•  Develop a stable and 
relatively low-risk income-
generating business
Biomass
•  Enhance SD Plantation’s biomass 
waste via suitable methods such 
as converting biomass to power, 
biomass to pellet, and/or biomass 
to fuel 
•  Promote circular economy in 
SD  Plantation by converting waste 
to wealth and further assist in 
CER
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
As energy demand rises alongside population growth and increased economic activities, there is a growing emphasis on 
renewable energy (RE) to meet the global  energy needs in an efficient and sustainable manner. Given the current global call 
to urgently tackle climate change, the Malaysian government aims for RE to constitute 40% of the primary energy supply mix 
by 2035, and 70% by 2050 in the country. Achieving this goal necessitates significant expansion of RE capacity nationwide, a 
goal reinforced by the National Energy Transition Roadmap (NETR) launched in August 2023. 
Integrated Report 2023 page 77
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 80 ----
As the Group is already involved in the solar and bioenergy sectors, it is positioned to contribute effectively to the government’s 
energy transition agenda. SDPRE is committed to exploring all available opportunities to capitalise on the NETR for the Group’s 
economic benefit.
CREATING STAKEHOLDER VALUE
Stakeholders How we deliver value
Internal •  Assist the Group to achieve our sustainability goals and net-zero target by planning and 
executing RE projects to reduce our carbon emissions 
•  Generate new income stream for the Group from RE initiatives
Partners •  Actively seek opportunities for synergistic joint initiatives or potential collaboration with 
reputable partners in the RE industry
• Develop win-win partnerships and foster collaboration leading to value creation for both  
 SD Plantation and our partners 
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Pillars Key Initiatives Outcomes
Biogas Feed-in-Tariff (FiT) – 
electricity generation for sale 
to the national grid
Completed one biogas plant at Seri Intan (Perak) and commenced 
construction of two more plants at Sg. Dingin (Kedah) and Kok Foh 
(Negeri Sembilan).
Co-firing – use of biogas in 
boilers resulting in Palm 
Kernel Shell savings
Completed the construction of the Lavang (Sarawak) biogas plant in 
Malaysia.
Captive Power – use of 
biogas to generate electricity 
for own use resulting in 
diesel displacement
Started construction of the Sangara biogas power plant in Papua 
New Guinea.
Solar Large Scale Solar (LSS)* •  Secured 15MW quota for the development of SD Plantation’s first 
solar plant in Bukit Selarong (Kedah) under the Corporate Green 
Power Programme (CGPP)
•  Secured additional 11 tenants to develop solar plants on 
SD  Plantation land under the CGPP
•  Five LSS 4 plants developed and operated by tenants on 
SD  Plantation land and started official operations in December 
2023
Rooftop solar* Commissioning of rooftop solar at SD Plantation Plantation Tower, 
Centre of Sustainability (COS) and R&D Carey Island.
Off grid* Completed solar-operated fertigation system in Sungai Buloh Estate.
Biomass Microalgae* Completed the installation of trial plants for microalgae carbon 
sequestration. 
Biomass Empty Fruit Bunches press, Biomass FiT, Biomass Power 
Plant and Palm wood plant are in planning and development stage.
* All initiatives were carried out in Malaysia.
Business Review
Sime Darby Plantation  page 78
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 81 ----
KEY CHALLENGES AND MITIGATION STRATEGIES 
Challenge Mitigation strategies Results
Lack of key personnel and technical 
support to carry out projects 
efficiently.
Work with Group Human Resources to recruit 
project consultants or talents with expertise in 
relevant fields.
Appoint reputable Engineering, Procurement, 
Construction and Commissioning contractors 
through tender process, as well as conduct due 
diligence to ensure proper selection of solar 
contractors with good track records.
Strengthen technical support 
and business operations 
capabilities of SDPRE, 
enhancing project development 
and execution. 
Low processing trend at oil mills 
resulting in low POME production, 
directly impacting power generation 
and revenue from biogas plants.
Evaluate and explore crop diversion initiatives 
and increase the supply of outside crop. 
Incorporate relevant considerations in forecasts 
and business model.
Improved power generation and 
revenue from biogas power 
plants. Continue to sustain 
good relationships with biogas 
partners and SD Plantation’s 
stakeholders.
Rapid evolution of high-cost 
technologies challenge the viability 
and profitability of projects.
Keep abreast of new market developments 
through summits and conferences, exploratory 
discussions with potential partners, and by 
building strategic relationship with relevant 
stakeholders. 
Alignment of SDPRE team’s 
knowledge with the latest 
technology.
Economic viability, capital costs, 
immature technology (exploration) and 
higher technical requirements need to 
be evaluated when starting projects.
Adoption by SDPRE team of an active role in 
evaluating new technologies and their 
incorporation into operations.
Maintaining a balance between 
adapting to the latest 
technologies and maintaining 
project profitability.
Rooftop solar panels at our R&D centre in Banting, Selangor, Malaysia.
Integrated Report 2023 page 79
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 82 ----
OUTLOOK
•  SDPRE remains committed to supporting SD Plantation achieve our net-zero target while actively seeking additional 
revenue streams and positioning ourselves as a competitive player in the RE sector.
•  The company is also set to initiate and expand our involvement in RE activities in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
•  SDPRE will continue to explore new frontiers in RE such as hydrogen, agrivoltaic, carbon capture utilisation and storage 
(CCUS), battery energy storage system (BESS) and electric vehicle hub development.
PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Financial Business
Sustainability
Key Achievements
Secured 15MW CGPP quota 
qualifying SD Plantation to 
become a project developer 
for large-scale solar.
Biogas
•  Emissions from effluent treatment are 1,303,290 
tCO2e in 2023 and has reduced 12.5% from 2020.
•  Total emissions reduction through biogas initiatives 
in 2023 was 423,172 tCO2e, the equivalent to 
planting 42 million forest trees.
Solar
•  Solar rooftop initiatives contributed to a 436 MT CO 2 
emissions reduction in 2023.
•  With the addition of five newly completed solar 
systems, annual emissions reduction is set to more than 
triple, reaching a significant milestone of 1,479 MT CO2 
annually. With the completion of the three rooftop 
solar systems currently in progress, emissions will 
reduce by 3,500 MT CO2 annually.
•  2nd runner up  at the ASEAN 
Renewable Energy Project Awards in 
the Renewable Energy, On-grid category
•  Winner in Category 2 – Renewable Energy 
(On-grid, Local Grid) at the National 
Energy Awards (NEA) 2023
SDPRE earned a total of 
RM
6.26 
         Million 
from land rental and other   
revenue streams
Achieved a total of
RM
4.58 
         Million 
in savings from Biogas
and Solar
Business Review
Sime Darby Plantation  page 80
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 83 ----
Key Focus Areas
Research & 
Development
The Group’s business throughout the entire palm oil value chain is supported by market-leading Research 
& Development (R&D) capabilities. Research at SD Plantation is carried out at five R&D centres in Malaysia, 
Indonesia and Papua New Guinea; three Innovation Centres in Malaysia, the Netherlands and South Africa, 
as well as a fully operational genetic testing facility in Malaysia. 
R&D also supports Sime Darby Oils (SDO) through Centres of Excellence that are focussed on developing 
solutions for frying, bakery, confectionery, food safety, nutrition and wellness, animal nutrition and process 
innovation. Leveraging our R&D capabilities, SDO is empowered to customise products to meet customers’ 
needs.  
We have more than 150 scientists who continue to develop and create innovations that are not only adopted 
within the Group but also commercialised. These include industry-leading oil palm genomics technology and 
cutting-edge solutions that improve yield, plantation operations as well as milling and refining processes. 
•  Biotechnology & breeding: leverage latest 
technologies to produce elite high-yielding oil palms 
and planting materials with increased disease tolerance 
and improved yields
•  Plantation research & advisory: improve plantation 
operations to enhance efficiencies, reducing costs and 
reliance on manual labour
•  Processing & engineering: develop and test technology 
to improve milling efficiency, sustainability and 
product quality; and provide advisory services 
for milling process optimisation as well as system 
improvement
•  Oils & fats: develop and test technology/solutions 
and provide advisory services to optimise refinery 
operations’ capability to produce high-value quality 
products 
•  Advanced mechanisation technology: develop and 
test solutions that have the potential to increase 
productivity and reduce dependence on manual labour
•  Lab services: provide measurement and testing services 
to support operational regulatory requirements, food 
safety commitments and ad-hoc requests for initiatives 
and activities applied along the supply chain   
•  Product innovation & development: innovate/develop 
new formulas, independently or in collaboration with 
customers, and commercialise new products
Integrated Report 2023 page 81
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 84 ----
PERFORMANCE DURING THE YEAR 
R&D BIOTECHNOLOGY & BREEDING (BB)
Key Initiatives Outcomes
Produce high-quality planting 
materials for SD Plantation 
and customers
•  Replanted over 10,000 hectares (ha) of GenomeSelect™ materials in SD Plantation since 
2016, with palms planted in 2018 yielding 10% – 34% more oil per ha compared to 
conventional palms
• Launched 300,000 GenomeSelect™ seeds for external customers
•  Working to expand sales of calix600 ® and calixQ6™ seeds to international markets, on an 
ongoing basis
Develop disease-tolerant  
oil palm seeds
•  Developed a DNA prediction tool able to detect crown disease and Ganoderma tolerance
Into the Future
Replant 100% oil 
palm areas across the 
Group with 
GenomeSelect™ 
seeds
Improve production 
efficiency and quality 
in seed production
Further enhance current 
GenomeSelect™ 
seeds to increase disease 
tolerance and yield 
stability
Business Review
Our genetic testing facility is one of the largest in Southeast Asia for the commercial production of GenomeSelect™️ materials since 2016.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 82
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 85 ----
PLANTATION RESEARCH & ADVISORY (PRA)
Key Initiatives Achievements
Intensify the use of digital 
technologies in plantations
•  170,000 ha of planted areas were monitored using satellite imagery and drones
•  A new method of Ganoderma census using Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Image Analytics was 
successfully tested and will be deployed in the Group’s estates in 2024
•  Ganoderma-infested areas were mapped out in Carey Island using new artificial intelligence (AI) 
technology
•  A new UAV Point-to-Point spraying technology was co-developed and deployed in 16,000 ha of 
immature palms to control the Oryctes rhinoceros beetle in the Group’s estates
•  A new method of drone baiting (R-Drop) to apply Rodenticide, co-developed with a drone 
company, was successfully tested and proven effective
Implement fertigation, i.e. the 
application of fertilisers via the 
irrigation network
•  An off-grid fertigation system powered by a hybrid solar panel array has shown the potential in 
decreasing reliance on manual labour and eliminating GHG emissions associated with estate 
machinery
Development of sustainable 
biofertilisers and bioinsecticides
•  Successfully developed and tested Beauvaria bassiana, a new biocontrol agent that provides a 
safer alternative for bagworm control
•  Another biocontrol agent, Metarhizium anisopliae, was co-developed with Universiti Malaysia 
Terengganu and successfully tested against the Red Palm Weevil
•  A total of 72 MT of Arbuscular Mycorrhiza Fungi (ARMYCORR ®) was produced and used for the 
prophylactic treatment of Ganoderma disease in SD Plantation’s oil palm seedlings
•  A total of 27 MT of Metarhizium bioinsecticide (ORBOX™) was produced and used in 
SD  Plantation’s estates for biocontrol of Oryctes rhinoceros beetle in immature oil palms
Into the Future
More attention will be 
directed at reducing 
GHG emissions towards 
achieving net-zero 
emissions while taking 
into account economic and 
business impacts
The use of satellite-based 
image analytics for 
Ganoderma census will be 
explored to further 
enhance automation and 
digitalisation in pest 
management
Further research will be done 
on the use of a new AI-
based technology  
to detect weeds
and automate spraying
A new AI-based census 
method for bagworms, 
rats and barn owls  will 
be explored
PROCESSING & ENGINEERING (P&E)
Key Initiatives Achievements
Improve oil extraction rate 
(OER) using digital and other 
technologies 
•  Established a prediction model for oil loss in press fibre based on input criteria to the press 
station, and conducted commercial-scale testing in Labu Mill
•  Use of high-speed separator for final oil recovery, significantly reducing oil loss – from 0.85% 
previously to 0.65%
Reduce processing time at mills 
to enhance productivity
•  Installed and commissioned a new clarifier system, Rapid Oil Recovery System (RAPID), which is 
reducing the separation time by 50% at Diamond Jubilee Mill
Digitalise mill operations under 
IR 4.0
•  Tested the press station component of the digital twin, which is designed to automatically 
optimise pressing and digester parameters based on the raw material feed and output, at the 
Tennamaram Experimental Station (TESt™). This will be followed by full-scale testing in 2024
Implement Separate Oil 
Recovery System (SORS) for 
biofuel-grade oil
•  The installation, commissioning and performance testing of SORS was successfully completed 
at 10 mills by December 2023. Three of the mills feature a basic SORS setup utilising gravity 
separation, while the remaining seven mills have been equipped with a complete setup that 
employs high-speed centrifugation separation. These systems have been well received by the 
Group’s operations and are slated for rollout at several more mills in 2024
Integrated Report 2023 page 83
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 86 ----
Business Review
OILS & FATS (O&F)
Key Initiatives Achievements
Develop infrastructure for 
predictive maintenance 
programme in refineries
•  A real-time quality monitoring system has been established under SDO’s digitalisation 
roadmap
•  Installed and deployed predictive maintenance system at Port Klang Refinery (PKR)
Enhance wastewater 
management
• Completed the installation of an electro-oxidation (EO) plant in Langat Refinery
•  Target to meet the Department of Environment, Malaysia’s Standard A limits on discharge 
wastewater for batch processing
Development and deployment 
of food safety protocols to 
sustain and secure premium oil 
markets
•  Carried out rigorous assessments, training and audits to ensure guidelines are applied and 
sustained in mill operations
•  Enabled the production of low contaminant oils to be a market leader in food safety
Tap into demand for more 
sustainable alternatives to 
animal protein
• Developed fats for plant-based milk and meat applications
Into the Future
Work towards 
achieving zero 
liquid discharge 
(ZLD) through 
pilot or batch 
testing
Deployment of 
EO plants in 
PKR following 
the successful 
proof of concept 
in Langat Refinery
Embark on Phase 2 of SDO digitalisation 
roadmap with the installation of an 
automated feedback loop control in PKR for 
pretreatment; and black box development for 
the physical refining process
 Focus on developing  
low contaminant oils, 
new-generation  
frying oil with  
natural antioxidants;  
and next-gen  
animal-free fats
ADVANCED MECHANISATION TECHNOLOGY (AMT)
Key Initiatives Achievements
Development of a machine to 
apply rodenticides, reducing 
manpower needs to control 
rodent population in oil palm 
estates
•  The machine was rolled out in August 2023, becoming the first commercially viable rodenticide 
application machine for SD Plantation
•  Featuring an adjustable shooting speed and 2.5 to 8-metre range, it covered up to 30 ha/day 
on average in flat and undulating terrains during trials
•  33 units of the machine, which is suitable for the application of most commercially available 
rodenticides, are currently deployed in SD Plantation’s estates
Autonomous Mechanical 
Buffalo Grabber
• Integrated an autonomous navigation system into the Automated Grabber System and   
 retrofitted this into the Mechanical Buffalo Grabbers
•  Testing and evaluation of the autonomous machine’s performance on various lanes/conditions is 
underway
•  An in-depth analysis to identify areas for improvement on the mechanics, navigation and 
control features is also being conducted
Autonomous Robot Loose Fruit 
Collector (ALFRo)  
•  The next step in the development of the machine will focus on the transfer to a fully electrical-
operated chassis
•  Completed a novel autonomous loose fruit collector prototype featuring a compact prime 
mover fitted with a robotic arm that collects loose fruit typically found around the palm circle
•  The use of AI technology enables identification (selection) of loose fruits on the ground and 
triggers autonomous collection actions with an accuracy rate of 90%
•  The loose fruit collection action is designed to mimic human handpicking to reduce trash/debris 
accumulation at each collection round
Sime Darby Plantation  page 84
Key Messages Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 87 ----
Into the Future
Further enhance the rodenticide 
application machine with tele-ops 
features while ensuring robustness of 
components to address different 
terrain requirements
 Investigate the potential use of 
hydrostatic and electrified 
components for the Autonomous 
Mechanical Buffalo Grabber (AMBG)
 Increase productivity of the
ALFRo machine
The next step in the development of 
the machine will focus on the transfer 
to a fully electrical-operated chassis
PRODUCT INNOVATION & DEVELOPMENT (PID)
Into the Future
Collaborate with the 
commercial team to 
develop a product 
growth strategy to 
increase SDO’s market 
share
Engage more regularly 
with customers via 
technical visits, trade 
shows, etc.
Key Initiatives Achievements
Innovate/develop new 
formulas to meet evolving 
customer wants and needs
•  To meet increased demand for healthier products such as trans-free oils and fats, PID 
successfully commercialised a low-trans fat cocoa butter replacer (CBR)
Commercialise new products •  Successfully commercialised eight new products such as confectionery fats, shortening, 
margarine and butter oil substitutes
Technical support for 
product growth in new 
markets and/or new 
applications
•  PID worked closely with the commercial team in identifying new markets/customers and 
expanded sales of existing products such as whipping cream in China
OUTLOOK
Moving forward, R&D has strategically consolidated our projects into three Grand Challenges (GCs): Productivity, Climate 
Change and Growth. These GCs are linked to SD Plantation’s innovation pillars, focussing on attaining operational excellence, 
sustainability and fostering innovation. Our R&D team aims to make a substantial contribution to SD Plantation’s growth 
strategy and net-zero commitment by realising a 30% reduction in fertiliser consumption by 2040 and doubling the Group’s 
commercial yield by 2050.
Develop and 
commercialise more new 
products to contribute 
towards SDO’s profitability
Identify Innovation 
projects based on market 
trends in collaboration 
with Centre of Excellence 
(CoE)
We have successfully commercialised eight new products such as 
confectionery fats, shortening, margarine and butter oil substitutes.
Integrated Report 2023 page 85
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 88 ----
SUSTAINABILITY INSIGHTS
Sime Darby Plantation (SD Plantation), one of the world's largest producers of certified sustainable palm oil (CSPO), is committed to 
making a positive impact.  A global milestone for us was achieved in 2023, when we became the first palm oil company with 
net-zero targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Since 2014, we have strived to meet our No Deforestation, 
No Peat, and No Exploitation (NDPE) commitments. Having ensured our own production is NDPE compliant, our focus is now on 
addressing deforestation in our supply chain. 
This sustainability statement outlines our progress from 1 st January 2023 to 31 st December 2023. Our operations encompass the 
production of CSPO in our upstream operations in Malaysia, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea (PNG), and the Solomon Islands (SI). Our 
downstream operations are present in 11 different countries and are involved in the trading, manufacturing, and the sales and 
marketing of refined oils and fats products, oleochemicals, biodiesel, nutraceuticals and other palm oil derivatives.
SD Plantation’s immediate priorities are to focus on climate action and social performance, build resilient supply chains, and to build 
trust through engagement and transparency. 
OUR SUSTAINABILITY DISCLOSURE
Our disclosures are guided by:
• Sustainability Reporting Guide (3rd Edition) by Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Malaysia)
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
• Recommendations by Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
  For more information on our sustainability disclosure, please refer to our standalone Sustainability Report (SR), pages 4 to 5.
MAIN BOARD
GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR
CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER
SUSTAINABILITY 
COMMITTEE
SD PLANTATION’S SUSTAINABILITY 
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
MAIN BOARD
•  Sets overall direction, vision, and values, and ensures business activities align with sustainability objectives and 
stakeholder expectations
•  Review progress of renewables projects, nature-based solutions, and deforestation elimination efforts
• Assess climate change-related issues such as climate risks and opportunities, and climate disclosures
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
At SD Plantation, the Board has oversight of all sustainability 
related matters in order to effectively monitor progress towards 
achieving our objectives and meeting stakeholder expectations. 
To ensure the robustness of our sustainability programme, 
sustainability related Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are 
integrated in an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
scorecard in Upstream Malaysia, which includes indicators 
around climate action, human rights and benchmarking of 
sustainability performance within the industry.
A Summary of Our Sustainability Report
Sime Darby Plantation  page 86
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 89 ----
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
•  Full responsibility for reviewing the 
sustainability strategy and performance 
at the Board level around sustainability 
issues critical to the Group, which 
include health and safety, human 
rights, climate change, biodiversity, 
conservation, and supply chain 
sustainability
•  Oversee the monitoring, reporting 
and verification of the Sustainability 
Key Performance Indicators and their 
implementation through the Group 
policies
•  Oversee the disclosure and reporting 
of material economic, environmental 
and social risks and opportunities in the 
Integrated Report and Sustainability 
Report
GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR
•  Accountable for sustainability matters for the Group, including 
climate change
•  Chair the Plantation Leadership Committee (PLC) and discussing ESG 
metrics and climate change commitments
• Include ESG-related metrics in the corporate scorecard
•  Lead discussions on sustainability, including climate action, 
decarbonisation efforts, and climate-related developments at 
monthly PLC meetings
CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER
•  Review sustainability strategies, targets, and plans, and overseeing 
their implementation
•  Report on updates, progress, and critical concerns to the 
Sustainability Committee every quarter
•  Directly report to the Group Managing Director on sustainability 
matters
•  Managing the sustainability team at the head office and overseeing 
operational teams across all business units
• Responsible for sustainability disclosures and reporting
  For more information on our policies, kindly refer to Reports, Policies and Statements on SD Plantation’s website at www.simedarbyplantation.com
SUSTAINABILITY POLICY
The cornerstone of our sustainability initiatives is our Group Sustainability and Quality Policy Statement (Policy Statement), which 
was developed in alignment with our Responsible Agriculture Charter and Human Rights Charter. We prioritise transparency, legal 
adherence, and the integration of sustainability risks into operational decision making. Detailed within our Policy Statement are our 
commitments to ethical conduct and proactive management of environmental as well as social impact.
Governance
We adhere to our Group Policies and Authorities and the Code of Business Conduct to ensure compliance 
with all legal requirements in the countries where we operate. Our commitment to integrity fosters a culture 
of transparency and ensures traceability in our supply chain.
Environment
We strictly prohibit deforestation, aiming to protect and enhance biodiversity and build resilience against the 
impacts of climate change.
Social
We uphold the rights of our employees and local communities, by providing safe and healthy workplaces and 
safeguarding their welfare.
Quality
We strive to deliver high-quality products and services to our customers by adhering to internationally 
benchmarked standards and practices.
Integrated Report 2023 page 87
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 90 ----
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 
In FY2023, we conducted a materiality reassessment to assess our material matters against current sustainability trends. We 
adhered to Bursa Malaysia’s Main Market Listing Requirements and the Sustainability Reporting Guide (3rd Edition) and took into 
consideration the evolving palm oil and consumer goods industry in the selection of our material sustainability matters. 
The materiality matrix reflects the importance of our ESG priorities to stakeholders and their impact on our business. It plays a 
crucial role in understanding and responding to stakeholder feedback, shaping both our current sustainability agenda and future 
ESG goals and actions.
Leadership in Climate 
Action
 Critical
 Very High
 High
Critical
Critical
Very High
Very High
High
Leadership in Social 
Performance
Building Resilient 
Supply Chains
Building Trust Through 
Engagement and Transparency
Operational Efficiency
Climate Change and Energy 
Management
1 Biodiversity and Conservation7 Community Rights and Development12
Waste and Effluent Management13
Water Management14
Diversity and Inclusion15
Customer Privacy & Data Protection16
Health and Safety8
Responsible Consumption
& Production
9
Corporate Governance
& Anti-Corruption
10
Yield Intensification11
Human Rights and Fair Labour 
Practices
2
No Deforestation, No Peat and  
No Exploitation
3
Fire and Haze4
Supply Chain Management5
Product Quality and Safety6
13
14
15
16
1
7
12 8
9
10
11
2
3
45
6
Significance of SD Plantation’s economic, environmental and social impacts
Influence on stakeholder assessments and decisions
A Summary of Our Sustainability Report
STAKEHOLDERS AND US
We proactively engage in discussions with key stakeholders, tailoring our approach to each stakeholder. Additionally, we 
collaborate with industry peers to spearhead multi-stakeholder initiatives that are aimed at catalysing transformative and systemic 
change. Our stakeholder groups include investors, customers, suppliers, employees, business partners, government agencies, 
industry groups, non-governmental organisations, academic institutions, and local communities.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 88
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 91 ----
Sustainability Highlights
Our achievements in FY2023 reflect the current state of SD Plantation’s sustainability performance and our continuous efforts 
towards long-term sustainable growth.
LEADERSHIP IN CLIMATE ACTION
Net-zero targets 
approved by SBTi
88%
of energy consumed 
from renewable sources
Achieved 11%
reduction in total energy 
consumption compared 
to 2020
Planted
2.28 million 
trees
as of FY2023
LEADERSHIP IN SOCIAL PERFORMANCE
8.7% reduction 
in work-related 
injuries
RM47 million 
allocated budget for
training
Overall
satisfaction
rate of 96.2%
from Workers 
Satisfaction Survey
RM56,748,562
in community investments
BUILDING RESILIENT SUPPLY CHAINS
Achieved
93.2% supply chain 
traceability to mills
75% of supply chain 
delivering on NDPE 
requirements
Achieved
70.9% supply
chain traceability
to plantations
SD Plantation
mills are 99% 
traceable to  
own plantation 
and third party 
BUILDING TRUST THROUGH ENGAGEMENT AND TRANSPARENCY
Assessed
100% of operations for 
corruption-related
risks
Resolved
134 reported 
whistleblowing 
cases
3,237
employees received 
anti-corruption 
training
Zero
reported cases
of customer privacy 
breach and data losses
OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY 
Achieved
17.92 metric ton 
yield per hectare
Initiated the  
Water Footprint  and  
Water Business Risk 
assessments
Circularity @ SDO introduced 
to “Reuse, Reduce 
and Recycle” waste 
and water from refineries and 
crushing plants
Integrated Report 2023 page 89
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 92 ----
SD Plantation is continuously striving to advance in accordance with our established objectives and targets in the 5 areas outlined 
below.
MATERIAL MATTERS COMMITMENTS PERFORMANCE
Leadership in Climate Action
Climate Change and 
Energy
• SD Plantation commits to reduce absolute:
 –  Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 42% by 2030 from 
a 2020 base year (Energy & Industrial Processes)
 –  Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions 90% by 
2050 from a 2020 base year (Energy & Industrial 
Processes)
 –  Scope 1 and Scope 3 Forest, Land and Agriculture 
(FLAG) GHG emissions 30.3% by 2030 from a 2020 base 
year*
 –  Scope 1 and Scope 3 FLAG GHG emissions 72% by 2050 
from a 2020 base year*
*The target boundary includes removals
•  SD Plantation commits that 79% of emissions of our 
customers and suppliers covering purchased goods and 
services, capital goods, fuel and energy-related, upstream 
and downstream transportation and distribution and 
processing of sold products will have science-based targets 
by 2027
•  In progress – These targets have 
been validated by the SBTi in 
November 2023 to be in line with the 
latest climate science to contribute 
to limiting global temperature rise to 
1.5°C
•  SD Plantation commits to no deforestation across our 
primary deforestation-linked commodities
•  In progress – Achieved 75% 
compliance in our supply chain for 
our earlier ambition to be 
deforestation-free
Biodiversity and 
Conservation
•  Implement biodiversity and conservation plans for 
unplanted areas in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea by 
2025
•  Rehabilitation of 400 ha of peat areas in Sarawak
•  Inventory for Conservation & 
Biodiversity area for Minamas 
Plantation completed. A total of 
4,671 ha identified to be protected 
and 4,476 ha to be restored
•  In progress – 50 ha area rehabilitated 
at Lavang Estate, Sarawak
Fire and Haze • Zero use of fire for land preparation •  Completed and monitored through 
active fire hotspot monitoring
Leadership in Social Performance
Health and Safety •  15% annual reduction in frequency of safety and health 
incidents against previous year
•  In progress – Achieved 8.7% annual 
reduction in frequency of safety and 
health incidents
Human Rights and Fair 
Labour Practices
• Resolution of Withhold Release Order (WRO) • Completed
•  Implement enhanced fair labour practices programme in 
Indonesia, PNG and SI
• In progress
•  100% of workers globally covered by grievance mechanism •  Completed – 100% covered by Suara 
Kami helpline and/or Whistleblowing 
channel
Sustainability Highlights
Sime Darby Plantation  page 90
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 93 ----
MATERIAL MATTERS COMMITMENTS PERFORMANCE
Leadership in Social Performance
Community Rights and 
Development
•  Engage and empower communities for inclusive 
development
• In progress
Diversity and Inclusion •  More than 30% of women on the board and/or in top 
management
• Women on board: 33%
•  Women on top management: 43%
Build Resilient Supply Chains
Supply Chain 
Management
•  100% traceability to mills and plantation across our supply 
chain
• 93.2% Traceability to Mills
• 70.9% Traceability to Plantation
•  100% verified No Deforestation, No Peat and No 
Exploitation (NDPE) supply chain, inclusive of smallholders 
by 2025
•  75% of supply chain delivering on 
NDPE requirements
•  Ensure more than 50,000 smallholders within the Group’s 
supply chain adopt responsible agriculture practices by 
2025 in line with SD Plantation’s Responsible Sourcing 
Guidelines
In progress: 
•  33,746 smallholders in support 
programmes
•  18,212 smallholders are Roundtable on 
Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified
Building Trust Through Engagement and Transparency
Product Quality and 
Safety
•  Achieved Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (HACCP) 
certification in mills and operating plants
•  49 mills, 7 kernel crushing plants and 
5 bulking plants
•  Low Mineral Oil Saturated Hydrocarbons (MOSH) and 
Mineral Oil Aromatic Hydrocarbons (MOAH) commitment 
of <10ppm & <1ppm
• In progress (Malaysia, Indonesia)
•  Completed (PNG/SI)
Customer Privacy and 
Data Protection
•  Maintain zero non-compliances with data privacy and 
cybersecurity laws
•  Achieved zero non-compliances with 
data privacy and cybersecurity laws
Corporate Governance 
and Anti-Corruption
•  Assessed 100% of operations for fraud and corruption-
related risks
• Achieved 100%
Operational Efficiency
Yield Intensification •  Produce sufficient GenomeSelectTM seeds to meet 2026 
replanting requirements for Malaysia operations
• In progress
Responsible 
Consumption and 
Production
•  Adoption of integrated pest management in plantations 
•  Eradicating the use of World Health Organisation Class 1A 
or 1B pesticides 
• Completed
• Completed
Waste and Effluent 
Management
• Achieve effluent discharge intensity targets
 – Malaysia: 0.65 m3/metric ton FFB
 – Indonesia: 0.5 m3/metric ton FFB
 – PNG/SI: 0.7 m 3/metric ton FFB
• In progress, achievement in 2023
 – Malaysia: 0.74 m3/metric ton FFB
 – Indonesia: 0.55 m3/metric ton FFB
 –  PNG/SI: 0.51 m 3/metric ton FFB
Water Management Achieve water consumption intensity of 1.0 m 3 per tonne FFB 
processed in Malaysia
•  In progress – Acheived 1.52 m 3 per 
tonne FFB processed
CONCLUSION
In line with the Group’s five-year strategy blueprint, our sustainability efforts are focussed on leadership in climate action and social 
performance, building resilient supply chains, and building trust through engagement and transparency. We believe in being open 
and honest, and we are committed to making a positive impact on the environment, people and the industry. For a more 
comprehensive overview of each section of the sustainability statement, please refer to our 2023 Sustainability Report.
Integrated Report 2023 page 91
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 94 ----
Indicator Measurement Unit 2021 2022 2023
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Senior Management Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Non-Executive Percentage 79.00 76.00 79.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 37 38 27
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 66,412,417.00 73,513,685.00 56,748,562.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 23,751 62,906 24,526
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Executive 23 years and below Percentage 9.10 15.30 12.10
Executive 24-38 years Percentage 53.60 50.40 55.00
Executive 39-55 years Percentage 36.20 33.40 31.40
Executive 56 years and above Percentage 1.20 0.90 1.50
Non-Executive 23 years and below Percentage 7.30 12.90 12.20
Non-Executive 24-38 years Percentage 46.50 47.30 50.50
Non-Executive 39-55 years Percentage 44.80 39.40 35.10
Non-Executive 56 years and above Percentage 1.40 0.50 2.30
Worker 23 years and below Percentage 12.70 16.60 16.80
Worker 24-38 years Percentage 51.20 50.80 51.50
Worker 39-55 years Percentage 35.40 32.50 31.30
Worker 56 years and above Percentage 0.70 0.20 0.40
Gender Group by Employee Category
Executive Male Percentage 76.00 73.00 72.00
Executive Female Percentage 24.00 27.00 28.00
Non-Executive Male Percentage 77.00 78.00 75.00
Non-Executive Female Percentage 23.00 22.00 25.00
Worker Male Percentage 80.00 81.00 84.00
Worker Female Percentage 20.00 19.00 16.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 73.00 70.00 67.00
Female Percentage 27.00 30.00 33.00
30-50 years Percentage 0.00 0.00 11.00
Above 50 Percentage 100.00 100.00 89.00
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 8,617,963.00 7,920,376.00 8,049,478.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 1 5 5
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 7.20 9.30 8.70
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number - 72,245 71,320
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours 13,533 28,964 22,478
Executive Hours 37,513 57,321 75,717
Non-Executive Hours 74,970 62,511 96,696
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 55.00 55.00 60.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Executive Number 253 335 297
Non-Executive Number 1,128 1,478 965
Worker Number 19,431 19,641 20,861
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 98.00 97.00 99.00
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 24,068.000000 24,964.528000 23,649.124000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 172,074.00 177,684.00 182,810.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2021 2022 2023
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes 11,649.00 15,417.00 15,416.00
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 160,425.00 162,267.00 167,394.00
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 10,251,292.00 9,742,966.00 9,379,764.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 160,122.00 164,201.00 167,688.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes 8,195,389.00 8,961,121.00 9,128,227.00
Total carbon removals in tonnes of CO2e tCO2-e 6,711,215.00 6,892,517.00 6,843,700.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Performance Data Table
Sime Darby Plantation  page 92
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 95 ----
Notes:
1. Indicator C1(a) represents Head Office employees only. 
2.  Indicator C3(a) on employee category by age excludes PNG and SI, UK and Netherlands.
3. Indicator C3(a) on employee category by gender excludes Upstream NBPOL (PNG and SI), UK and Netherlands due to privacy laws,
4. Indicator C4(a) unit is in MWh.
5. Data collection for indicator C5(c) started in FY2022. 
6. Indicator C6(b) represents Malaysia and Indonesia only. Trainees, contract, and temporary employees are excluded from the total headcount reporting.
7. Indicator C7(a) represents Malaysia and Indonesia only. 
8.  Indicators C11(a), (b) and (c) have been subjected to an external limited assurance by an independent third party, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT. Please refer to the 
independent limited assurance report on pages 64 to 67 of the 2023 Sustainability Report. Among the key scope 3 categories included are Purchased Goods and 
Services, Capital Goods, Fuel and Energy related activities, Upstream Transportation and Distribution and Processing of Sold Products. Two Scope 3 categories are 
excluded as they are irrelevant to SD Plantation’s operations – Downstream-leased assets and Franchises.
9. Indicator “Total carbon removals” unit is in metric tonnes.
Indicator Measurement Unit 2021 2022 2023
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Senior Management Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Non-Executive Percentage 79.00 76.00 79.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 37 38 27
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 66,412,417.00 73,513,685.00 56,748,562.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 23,751 62,906 24,526
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Executive 23 years and below Percentage 9.10 15.30 12.10
Executive 24-38 years Percentage 53.60 50.40 55.00
Executive 39-55 years Percentage 36.20 33.40 31.40
Executive 56 years and above Percentage 1.20 0.90 1.50
Non-Executive 23 years and below Percentage 7.30 12.90 12.20
Non-Executive 24-38 years Percentage 46.50 47.30 50.50
Non-Executive 39-55 years Percentage 44.80 39.40 35.10
Non-Executive 56 years and above Percentage 1.40 0.50 2.30
Worker 23 years and below Percentage 12.70 16.60 16.80
Worker 24-38 years Percentage 51.20 50.80 51.50
Worker 39-55 years Percentage 35.40 32.50 31.30
Worker 56 years and above Percentage 0.70 0.20 0.40
Gender Group by Employee Category
Executive Male Percentage 76.00 73.00 72.00
Executive Female Percentage 24.00 27.00 28.00
Non-Executive Male Percentage 77.00 78.00 75.00
Non-Executive Female Percentage 23.00 22.00 25.00
Worker Male Percentage 80.00 81.00 84.00
Worker Female Percentage 20.00 19.00 16.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 73.00 70.00 67.00
Female Percentage 27.00 30.00 33.00
30-50 years Percentage 0.00 0.00 11.00
Above 50 Percentage 100.00 100.00 89.00
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 8,617,963.00 7,920,376.00 8,049,478.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 1 5 5
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 7.20 9.30 8.70
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number - 72,245 71,320
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours 13,533 28,964 22,478
Executive Hours 37,513 57,321 75,717
Non-Executive Hours 74,970 62,511 96,696
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 55.00 55.00 60.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Executive Number 253 335 297
Non-Executive Number 1,128 1,478 965
Worker Number 19,431 19,641 20,861
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 98.00 97.00 99.00
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 24,068.000000 24,964.528000 23,649.124000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 172,074.00 177,684.00 182,810.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2021 2022 2023
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes 11,649.00 15,417.00 15,416.00
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 160,425.00 162,267.00 167,394.00
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 10,251,292.00 9,742,966.00 9,379,764.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 160,122.00 164,201.00 167,688.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes 8,195,389.00 8,961,121.00 9,128,227.00
Total carbon removals in tonnes of CO2e tCO2-e 6,711,215.00 6,892,517.00 6,843,700.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2021 2022 2023
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes 11,649.00 15,417.00 15,416.00
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 160,425.00 162,267.00 167,394.00
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 10,251,292.00 9,742,966.00 9,379,764.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 160,122.00 164,201.00 167,688.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes 8,195,389.00 8,961,121.00 9,128,227.00
Total carbon removals in tonnes of CO2e tCO2-e 6,711,215.00 6,892,517.00 6,843,700.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Integrated Report 2023 page 93
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 96 ----
Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani Nik Hassan Thani 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Datuk Mohamad Helmy Othman Basha
Group Managing Director
Dato’ Halipah Esa
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director 
Dato’ Mohd Nizam Zainordin
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk Mohd Anwar Yahya
Independent Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Idris Kechot 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Sri Sharifah Sofianny Syed Hussain
Independent Non-Executive Director
Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Jenifer Thien Bit Leong
Independent Non-Executive Director
Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
Ahmad Faiz Ahmad Shahrudin 
Alternate Director to Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR
Datuk Mohamad Helmy Othman Basha
SECRETARY
Azrin Nashiha Abdul Aziz
(LS 0007238)
REGISTERED OFFICE
Level 10, Main Block, Plantation Tower
No. 2, Jalan PJU 1A/7, Ara Damansara 
47301 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan
Malaysia.
Telephone : +(603) 7848 4000  
Facsimile : +(603) 7848 5360
Email : communications@simedarbyplantation.com     
Website : www.simedarbyplantation.com
SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd
Registration No.: 197101000970 (11324-H) 
Office:
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Telephone : +(603) 2783 9299  
Facsimile : +(603) 2783 9222
Email  : is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com
Corporate Information
Customer Service Centre:
Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
AUDITORS
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT 
(LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146)
Chartered Accountants 
Level 10, 1 Sentral, Jalan Rakyat
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50706 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Telephone : +(603) 2173 1188  
Facsimile : +(603) 2173 1288
FORM OF LEGAL ENTITY
Incorporated on 2 April 2004 as a private company limited by shares 
under the Companies Act, 1965 and converted into a public company 
limited by shares on 20 July 2017.
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
Listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad since 
30 November 2017.
Stock Code :  5285
Stock Name :  SIMEPLT 
PLACE OF INCORPORATION AND DOMICILE 
Malaysia
Sime Darby Plantation  page 94
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 97 ----
Board at a Glance
Non-Independent Non-Executive
Group Managing Director
Independent Non-Executive
Gender
Diversity
Ethnicity
Composition Age
Female Directors
currently represent
40%
of Board composition.9
60%
43 60 74
40%
1Malay Chinese
6 Person
Board’s
Average Age
4 Person
years old years old years old
Integrated Report 2023 page 95
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 98 ----
Board of Directors’ Profiles
BN S
TAN SRI DR NIK NORZRUL THANI
NIK HASSAN THANI
Chairman, Non-Independent
Non-Executive Director
Malaysian
63/Male
16 June 2022
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
Malaysian
57/Male
1 July 2019
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
DATUK MOHAMAD HELMY
OTHMAN BASHA
Group Managing Director
Malaysian
74/Female
1 September 2020
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
DATO’ HALIPAH ESA
Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
T7 Global Berhad
Pertama Digital Berhad
Public Companies 
Malaysian Rating Corporation Berhad
Cagamas Holdings Berhad
Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad
MARC Ratings Berhad
Areas of Expertise:
Legal, Business and Regulatory Affairs
Relevant Experience
Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani began his legal career 
with an international law firm, Baker & McKenzie, 
Singapore. In 2017, he was appointed Chairman of 
the Malaysia-Singapore Business Council by the 
Ministry of International Trade and Industry of 
Malaysia. He is currently a consultant at Malaysia’s 
largest law firm (which is also a member of KPMG’s 
Global Legal Services network), Zaid Ibrahim & Co. 
His areas of expertise include providing legal 
advice on Islamic finance, banking, offshore 
finance, debt restructuring, as well as international, 
corporate and commercial law. 
Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani also oversees debt and 
corporate restructuring transactions and the 
issuance of private debt securities, encompassing 
Islamic financial instruments for both domestic and 
international clients. With extensive experience in 
corporate and commercial law, he provides valuable 
insights in establishing a robust governance 
framework for the Group.
Industry Background
• Legal services
• Plantation
• Rating agency
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
Malaysian Palm Oil Council
Areas of Expertise:
Plantation, Management and Finance
Relevant Experience
Datuk Mohamad Helmy was formerly Chief 
Executive Officer of Highlands & Lowlands 
Berhad and Guthrie Ropel Berhad. He has also 
held various senior leadership positions in Sime 
Darby Plantation Berhad’s (SD Plantation) 
upstream business and Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad. 
Datuk Mohamad Helmy’s multidisciplinary 
experience and knowledge are invaluable to the 
Group as he steers SD Plantation’s global 
business towards becoming an industry leader in 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
practices and innovation.
As Chairman of the Malaysian Palm Oil Board, 
Datuk Mohamad Helmy plays a pivotal role in 
shaping the industry’s direction and steering 
sustainability initiatives within the country’s palm 
oil sector.
Industry Background
• Plantation
• Property development
• Oil and gas
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
None
Areas of Expertise:
Economics and Public Administration
Relevant Experience
Dato’ Halipah has served as a consultant to the 
World Bank and United Nations Development 
Programme. She has also held various senior 
public administration roles in the Economic 
Planning Unit (EPU) of the Prime Minister’s 
Department and the Ministry of Finance. She was 
Director General of EPU prior to her retirement. 
One of the priority areas in economic planning 
and management she was involved in was 
establishing national policies, programmes and 
projects to address environmental and 
sustainability issues. 
Dato’ Halipah contributes a dynamic and 
wide-lens view of public policy which helps to 
broaden SD Plantation’s strategic perspective on 
social issues.
Industry Background
•  Economic development planning and 
budgeting
• Public administration and intergovernmental  
 institutions
• Property development
• Port and shipping
• Education and training
Sime Darby Plantation  page 96
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 99 ----
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
Pengurusan Pelaburan ASN Berhad
Areas of Expertise:
Finance and Investment Management
Relevant Experience
Dato’ Mohd Nizam has over 26 years of regional 
fund management experience across various 
senior roles in Permodalan Nasional Berhad 
(PNB). He was Deputy President and Group Chief 
Financial Officer of PNB prior to his retirement. 
He contributes invaluable financial expertise to 
the Group in implementing robust financial 
governance as well as ensuring a consistent 
enterprise-wide approach to the Group’s 
investment and capital allocation strategy.
Industry Background
• Fund management
Governance &  
Audit CommitteeG
GG
Risk Management 
CommitteeR
R
Tender 
CommitteeBNomination & 
Remuneration CommitteeN
N
Sustainability 
CommitteeS Denotes Committee 
Chairman
Board Committees
Malaysian
69/Male
10 May 2021
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
Malaysian
60/Male
14 July 2017
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
DATO’ MOHD NIZAM ZAINORDIN
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
DATUK MOHD ANWAR YAHYA
Independent Non-Executive Director
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
Fraser & Neave Holdings Berhad
Public Companies
Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad
Public Islamic Bank Berhad
Areas of Expertise:
Strategy and Corporate Finance
Relevant Experience
Datuk Mohd Anwar has over 40 years of 
experience in accounting and finance.  
He has held various financial and business 
advisory roles at PricewaterhouseCoopers that 
span a wide range of industries. With extensive 
industry experience and expertise in real estate, 
utilities and financial services, among others, 
Datuk Mohd Anwar contributes to the 
establishment of best practices within a robust 
financial governance framework, as well as 
effective financial and risk management.
Industry Background
• Accounting and finance
•  Corporate finance, mergers & acquisitions and 
specialist valuation
• Policy and strategy
DATO’ IDRIS KECHOT
Independent Non-Executive Director
Malaysian
69/Male
29 December 2022
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
Kumpulan Fima Berhad
Public Companies
None
Areas of Expertise:
Accounting, Investment & Financial Management 
and Banking
Relevant Experience
Dato’ Idris has over 35 years of experience and 
expertise in the unit trust and investment 
management business. He started his career as a 
research analyst with PNB in 1983, focussing on 
industry and sectorial research. He has an 
impressive track record of successfully leading 
PNB, one of the largest fund management 
companies in Malaysia, in the unit trust and 
investment management operations until his 
retirement in 2018 as PNB’s Deputy President 
and Group Chief Operating Officer, Asset 
Management. He currently serves as Chairman of 
Kumpulan Fima Berhad. 
Dato’ Idris’ diverse business experience and 
expertise in various industries including 
plantations make him a valuable asset as he 
provides unique insights into both upstream and 
downstream businesses.
Industry Background
• Fund management
• Plantation
• Automotive
• Electronics
• Property
G R S
Integrated Report 2023 page 97
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 100 ----
Board of Directors’ Profiles
Malaysian
62/Female
29 December 2022
Nationality
Age/Gender
DATO’ SRI SHARIFAH SOFIANNY
SYED HUSSAIN
Independent Non-Executive Director
MOHD IRWAN AHMAD MUSTAFA
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
JENIFER THIEN BIT LEONG
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
Malaysian
43/Male
23 August 2023
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
Malaysian
56/Female
22 December 2023
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
None
Areas of Expertise:
Audit, Financial Advisory, Fund Management, 
Private Equity and Finance
Relevant Experience
Mr Mohd Irwan is currently the Group Chief 
Financial Officer of Permodalan Nasional Berhad 
(PNB), a role he assumed after serving as Group 
Head of Private Markets where he was 
responsible for private equity and infrastructure 
investments. Prior to joining PNB, he was the 
Director of Investment at Ekuiti Nasional Berhad. 
His previous roles include Vice President for 
Business Development at Integrax Berhad and 
Halim Rasip Holdings Sdn Bhd. He started his 
career as an Associate in Assurance Services at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Malaysia (PwC), where 
he rose to become Manager of Corporate Finance 
in Advisory Services. His tenure at PwC equipped 
him with a solid foundation in financial 
management and advisory. 
Industry Background
• Finance
• Transportation
• Telecommunication
• Consumer services
• Oil and gas
• Fund management
• Infrastructure
• Education
• Manufacturing
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
• Maybank Investment Bank Berhad
• Maybank Capital, Inc
• Maybank Securities, Inc
• Andaman Capital Investment Limited
Areas of Expertise:
General Management, Accounting/Financial 
Management, Banking and Finance
Relevant Experience
Dato’ Sri Sharifah Sofianny has more than 20 
years of experience holding various leadership 
roles in stockbroking and wholesale banking 
businesses. She began her career at Shell 
Malaysia, where she spent 11 distinguished years 
before moving to K&N Kenanga Berhad. Dato’ Sri 
Sharifah Sofianny then joined Maybank 
Investment Bank Berhad as Deputy Managing 
Director, Equities, and rose to the position of 
Managing Director, Client Coverage at Maybank 
in early 2014. Her appointment brings additional 
financial and banking expertise to the Group, 
while providing valuable insights and 
perspectives to the Board’s deliberations. 
Industry Background
• Oil and gas
• Securities investment
• Banking
• Fund management
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
UEM Edgenta Berhad 
Malaysian Pacific Industries Berhad
AEON Co. (M) Berhad
Areas of Expertise:
Supply Chain, Business Management, 
Sustainability and Organisation Development
Relevant Experience
Ms Jenifer Thien has over 30 years of 
international senior executive experience in the 
consumer-packaged goods industry, taking on 
supply chain, procurement and business 
leadership roles in various countries across Asia 
and the United States. This includes 25 years at 
Mars Incorporated, where she last served as the 
Global Chief Procurement Officer. In the course 
of her career, Ms Jenifer has successfully led 
complex business transformation, organisational 
development and sustainability programmes 
through her in-depth understanding of business 
enterprises, the ability to lead and mobilise the 
necessary capabilities, as well as intensive 
stakeholder engagement.
Industry Background
• Consumer goods
• Commercial services
• Commodities
GRB BN N S
Sime Darby Plantation  page 98
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 101 ----
Governance &  
Audit CommitteeG
Risk Management 
CommitteeR Tender 
CommitteeBNomination & 
Remuneration CommitteeN Sustainability 
CommitteeS Denotes Committee 
Chairman
Board Committees
Malaysian
49/Female
5 February 2024
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
SHARIFAH SHEILA SYED 
MUHAMAD
Non-Independent and Non-Executive 
Director
AHMAD FAIZ AHMAD SHAHRUDIN
Alternate Director to Mohd Irwan Ahmad 
Mustafa
Malaysian
40/Male
23 August 2023
Nationality
Date of Appointment
Age/Gender
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
None
Areas of Expertise:
Portfolio Management, Equity Research and 
Corporate Finance
Relevant Experience
Ms Sharifah Sheila has over 25 years of 
experience in fund management and research, 
where she joined Employees Provident Fund 
(EPF) in 2010. Prior to that, she held various key 
investment positions, including Vice President 
and Equities Fund Manager at CIMB-Principal 
Asset Management Berhad, Equities Fund 
Manager at Prudential Unit Trust Berhad, and 
Assistant Manager in Investment Banking at 
Commerce International Merchant Bankers 
Berhad. She is currently Head, Global Equity, 
EPF, where she oversees investments in both 
developed and emerging markets across five 
regions. Throughout her career, she has 
demonstrated exceptional leadership and 
strategic business acumen, making her a valuable 
asset in the financial industry.
Industry Background
• Banking
• Investment
• Research
Directorship of other listed issuers/public 
companies:
Listed Issuers 
None
Public Companies
None
Areas of Expertise:
Corporate Finance and Strategic Investment
Relevant Experience
Mr Ahmad Faiz is currently Vice President of 
Strategic Investments at PNB. He was previously 
Assistant Vice President in Public Equity and 
Strategic Investments. Mr Ahmad Faiz has over 
16 years of extensive experience within PNB, 
primarily in overseeing PNB’s investments in the 
plantation and banking sectors. His work ethics 
has seen him progressing through various key 
departments at PNB including at the Corporate 
Services Department, Office of the President & 
Group Chief Executive (PGCE) and Public Equity, 
where he provided invaluable support and 
managed the public equity portfolios. 
Industry Background
• Plantation
• Healthcare
• Telecommunications
R
Additional Information
1.  Save as disclosed below, none of the 
Directors has any family relationship 
with and is not related to any director 
and/or major shareholder of  
SD Plantation, nor has any personal 
pecuniary interest in any business 
arrangement involving the Company:
 (i)  The nominee Directors of 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad are as 
follows: 
  •  Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani Nik 
Hassan Thani; 
  •  Dato’ Mohd Nizam Zainordin; 
and  
  • Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa. 
 (ii)  Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad, a 
nominee Director of Employees 
Provident Fund. 
2.  None of the Directors has any conviction 
for offences within the past five years, 
nor public sanctions or penalties 
imposed by the relevant regulatory 
authorities during the financial year 
other than traffic offences, if any. 
3.  Save as disclosed below, none of the 
Directors has any conflict of interest 
with SD Plantation:
 (i)  Datuk Mohd Anwar Yahya by virtue 
of his indirect interest in Mizou 
Holdings Sdn Bhd, which is a vendor 
of SD Plantation and his position as 
a Director of Public Islamic Bank 
Berhad, which is one of the 
financiers of SD Plantation.
 (ii)  Dato’ Idris Kechot by virtue of his 
position as the Chairman and 
Director of Kumpulan Fima Berhad, 
which is a vendor of and in the same 
business sector as SD  Plantation.
 (iii)  Jenifer Thien by virtue of her 
position as Director of Olam Agri 
Holdings Limited, which is in the 
same business sector as  
SD Plantation.
4.  None of the Directors hold more than 
five directorships in listed issuers.
5.  The details of Directors’ attendance at 
Board Meetings held in the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 are set out in 
the Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement on pages 103 to 111 .
  For more information on the Directors’ 
qualifications and past experiences,  
refer to Our Leaders section of  
SD Plantation’s website at  
www.simedarbyplantation.com.
Integrated Report 2023 page 99
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 102 ----
Senior Leadership Team
1
8
13
9
5
6
7
12
1
11
Malaysian British
Nationality
Male Female
Gender
6
6
Age
3
3
2
13
40-44 years 45-49 years
50-54 years 55-59 years 60-64 years
PLANTATION LEADERSHIP COMMITTEE
Sime Darby Plantation  page 100
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 103 ----
1
7
13
8
14
14
3
3
9
15
15
4
4
10
10
16
16
5
11
11
17
17
6
12
2
2
Plantation Leadership Committee Operations Leadership Team (OLT)
Datuk Mohamad Helmy 
Othman Basha
Group Managing Director
Mohd Haris Mohd Arshad
Group Chief Operating Officer, 
SD Plantation & Managing 
Director, SDO
Renaka Ramachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Zulkifli Zainal Abidin
Chief Human Resources Officer
Azrin Nashiha Abdul Aziz
Group Secretary
Leela Barrock
Chief Communications Officer
Rashyid Redza Anwarudin
Chief Sustainability Officer
Melissa Lokman
Chief Strategy & Innovation 
Officer
Anil Abraham
Group General Counsel
Suhailah Mohamed Abdulla
Chief Integrity and Assurance 
Officer
Gajani Nayagi 
Seeveneserajah
Chief Risk Officer & Special 
Projects
Aditya Tuli
Chief Digital Officer
Roslin Azmy Hassan
Chief Executive Officer, 
Upstream Malaysia
Adi Wira Abd Razak
Chief Executive Officer, 
Upstream Indonesia
Mohd Azlan Shah
Mohd Zin
Chief Executive Officer, 
Upstream Papua New Guinea
and Solomon Islands
Dr Shariman Alwani 
Mohamed Nordin
Chief Operating Officer,
SDO
Dr David Ross Appleton
Chief Research and
Development Officer
2
2
Integrated Report 2023 page 101
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 104 ----
Chairman’s
Statement on Corporate 
Governance
Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani Nik Hassan Thani
Chairman
The Board is collectively responsible for the sustainable 
long-term performance, economic value and growth of the 
Group. The Board remains committed to building resilience 
through the adoption and strengthening of the Group’s 
corporate governance policies and practices, to ensure long-
term business sustainability in a fast-evolving and transforming 
business landscape.
As a Group, we are committed to upholding the important 
principles of good governance, accountability, transparency and 
integrity. We embrace these principles and engrain them in our 
shared values, goals and practices to enable us to drive 
responsible growth and robust business performance. We 
believe that the highest standards of corporate governance are 
critical for delivering consistent, long-term returns to our 
shareholders. A robust governance culture and processes are 
fundamental to build trust and inspire customers’ and investors’ 
confidence, ensuring that we are able to protect the interests 
of our stakeholders and ensure long-term shareholder value. 
The Group’s corporate governance framework provides clarity in 
ensuring that a strong level of governance is maintained in the 
Board’s rigorous and diligent decision-making process. It also, 
enables the Group to embed a shared governance culture 
throughout the organisation as part of our effort in building a 
sustainable business for all our stakeholders.
This Statement gives a general overview of the activities of the 
Board and the Board Committees throughout the year under 
review, and how the Board continues to pay high regard to 
corporate governance and internal controls in all aspects of the 
organisation.
As a Group, we are committed 
to upholding the important 
principles of good governance, 
accountability, transparency and 
integrity.
Comprising a majority of Non-Executive Directors, the Board 
structure is designed to ensure there is a clear balance of 
responsibilities between the executive and non-executive 
functions. As Chairman, I am primarily responsible for setting 
the Group’s strategy in conjunction with the Board, and for 
ensuring the effective operation of the Board. Additionally, my 
colleagues on the Board play a critical role in further 
championing efforts to strengthen the governance practices of 
the Group.
In the year ahead, the Board will continue to provide guidance 
to the Group, focussing on resilience and agility as well as 
building on the improved governance practices and processes 
that we have in place. The Board will also focus on 
strengthening oversight of sustainability risks and opportunities 
and integrating sustainability goals with business strategy and 
operations.
I am pleased to report that the Group has complied with the 
relevant provisions of the Main Market Listing Requirements of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Securities), the 
Corporate Governance Guide – 3rd Edition issued by Bursa 
Securities and the Companies Act 2016. The status and the 
Company’s application of the Practices of the MCCG 2021 
(MCCG) are explained in the Corporate Governance Report 
which is available to the public on the Company’s corporate 
website at www.simedarbyplantation.com. I am pleased to 
inform that we have substantially applied the Practices 
enumerated in the MCCG.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (Board), I am pleased to present the Sime Darby Plantation Berhad 
(SD Plantation or the Group) Corporate Governance Overview Statement (CGOS) for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 102
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 105 ----
In 2023, we reaffirmed our commitment to human rights by implementing industry-leading responsible business 
practices. This stemmed from a robust culture of corporate governance led by the Board that is geared towards 
protecting shareholder value along with ensuring sustainable growth of the Group. Going forward, we recognise 
that the journey towards a sustainable future and long-term value creation will require the collaboration and 
support of our stakeholders. We look forward to working with them in this regard and thank them for their 
commitment and contributions to the Group to date, which have reinforced our efforts to build a sustainable 
business on a bedrock of good governance that will stand the test of time. 
Corporate Governance
Overview Statement
INTRODUCTION 
As a market leader with operations in 12 countries and serving 
global customers, Sime Darby Plantation Berhad (SD Plantation) 
operates in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Among the 
rapidly evolving global megatrends that impact the Group is the 
increasing importance placed by stakeholders on environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) matters.
Calls for greater transparency and a stronger commitment to 
sustainability are mounting as stakeholders want to see the 
integration of ESG considerations in companies’ strategies and 
operations. Good governance is imperative as it forms the 
foundation on which organisations are able to drive responsible 
and sustainable business practices that protect stakeholder 
interests. 
At SD Plantation, we embrace the current emphasis on 
corporate governance as it is an extension of our core values – 
integrity, respect & responsibility, enterprise and excellence. To 
us, good governance is not just about adherence to a set of 
recommendations; it stands at the heart of everything we do 
and forms the underlying foundation of our business.  
We have always sought to be at the leading edge of good 
governance in our industry and will endeavour to maintain our 
position. In strengthening our governance framework and 
policies, we hope to keep breaking new ground as we build a 
sustainable business that creates long-term value for our 
stakeholders.
KEY GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS 
In 2023, we demonstrated our leadership in corporate 
governance with several industry firsts. Among the year’s 
highlights were: 
•  Completing the comprehensive process, under the 
supervision of the Board Sustainability Committee, to 
review, revise and where necessary upgrade the Group’s 
protocols for recruiting, managing and working with our 
workers leading to the United States Customs and Border 
Protection (USCBP) recognising that our palm oil products 
are not produced with forced labour
•  Overseeing the implementation of an enhanced policy on 
Migrant Workers Responsible Recruitment Procedure 
which, among others, prohibits passing on recruitment fees 
or any related costs to workers
• Formulating and launching our commitment to net-zero   
 emissions by 2050 together with a clear roadmap
•  Discussing and formulating a Strategy Charter that 
leverages sustainability, operational excellence and 
innovation to drive growth over the next five years.
DISCLOSURE FRAMEWORK 
Our Board has aligned the Group’s corporate governance 
disclosures with enhanced provisions as set out in the:
• Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia   
 Securities Berhad (the Listing Requirements);
• Companies Act 2016 (Malaysia);
• Corporate Governance Guide – 4th Edition issued by   
 Bursa Malaysia Berhad; and
• Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG) 2021.
We complied substantially with the practices outlined in MCCG 
2021 for the period under review. 
The overall status of the application of MCCG 2021 is disclosed 
in the Group’s Corporate Governance Report 2023, which is also 
available on our website under the Corporate Governance 
section at www.simedarbyplantation.com 
This statement is made in accordance with a resolution of the 
Board of Directors dated 23 April 2024. 
CHANGES TO BOARD COMPOSITION 
In 2023, Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Haji Megat Najmuddin Datuk Seri Dr 
Haji Megat Khas, the Group’s former Chairman retired upon 
completion of his term while three other members of the Board 
resigned, namely, Tunku Alizakri Raja Muhammad Alias and 
Datuk Seri Amir Hamzah Azizan, former Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Directors and Tan Ting Min, former Independent 
Non-Executive Director.
The Board welcomed Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa, who was 
appointed a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 23 
August 2023; and Ahmad Faiz Ahmad Shahrudin, who was 
appointed an Alternate Director to Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa 
on the same date. The Board also appointed Jenifer Thien Bit 
Leong as an Independent Non-Executive Director and Sharifah 
Sheila Syed Muhamad as a Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director on 22 December 2023 and 5 February 2024, 
respectively. 
Integrated Report 2023 page 103
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 106 ----
BoardManagement
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK 
The Group’s CG framework is based on the following principles:
•  Promotion of greater transparency, accountability and responsiveness.
•  Balancing the operating autonomy of the various Group Companies with appropriate checks and balances and performance 
benchmarks.
•  Cultivation of ethical business conduct and instilling desired behaviour based on the Group’s Core Values and Business 
Principles as set out in the Code of Business Conduct (COBC).
The diagram below illustrates the Group’s governance structure:
The primary role of the Board is to promote and protect the interests of the Group including those of the shareholders and 
stakeholders of each company within the Group. The Board is ultimately responsible for determining the Group’s direction, thereby 
ensuring our long-term success and the delivery of sustainable value to our stakeholders. To that end, the Board provides thought 
leadership and advice in fine-tuning corporate strategies, and ensures the effective execution of these strategies while championing 
good governance and ethical practices.
The Board also believes in the alignment between shareholder value and the wider interest of other stakeholders, ensuring 
appropriate checks and balances in our sustainable development journey. The Board commits to providing credible and 
comprehensive reporting as part of our commitment to engaging and effectively communicating with stakeholders on the direction 
and strategy of the Group as well as our activities and outcomes.
Five Board Committees have been established to assist the Board in discharging our statutory and fiduciary responsibilities. These 
include ensuring independent oversight of risk management and internal controls. The Board Committees remain up to date and 
focussed on their relevant areas, thus enabling the Board to take a broader perspective, looking at enterprise-level issues such as 
strategy and governance. 
  The Terms of Reference of each Board Committee are available on our website under the Corporate Governance section at  
www.simedarbyplantation.com.
Stakeholders Policy Instrument Framework
Main Board
Flagship Nomination & 
Remuneration 
Committee (FNRC)
Flagship Governance, 
Audit & Risk 
Committee (FGARC)
FS Board
(FSB)
Governance 
& Audit 
Committee 
(GAC)
Risk 
Management 
Committee
(RMC)
Nomination & 
Remuneration 
Committee
(NRC)
Sustainability 
Committee
(SC)
Board Tender 
Committee
(BTC)
Group Risk 
Management
(GRM)
Group Integrity, 
Governance & 
Assurance (GIGA)
Group Managing 
Director (GMD)
Plantation Leadership 
Committee (PLC)
Group Chief Operating 
Officer (GCOO)*
Operations Leadership 
Team (OLT)
*GCOO is a PLC Member
Direct reporting
Administrative reporting
Legislation
Company 
Constitution
Board Charter
& Board Committee
Terms of References
GPA & Other Policies
Procedures
Sime Darby Plantation  page 104
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 107 ----
Roles and Responsibilities 
The Board Charter sets out the Board’s strategic intent and outlines 
the roles and powers that the Board reserves explicitly for itself, 
and those which it delegates to Management. The Charter also 
provides for the delegation of some of the Board’s powers and 
functions to Board Committees to assist the Board in carrying out 
our responsibilities.
  The roles and responsibilities of the Board, the Chairman, 
Directors, Senior Independent Non-Executive Director and the 
GMD are provided in the Board Charter which is available on our 
website under the Corporate Governance section at  
www.simedarbyplantation.com. 
Board and Board Committee Meetings
GAC SC
BTC
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS PRINCIPLE 
 A 
The breakdown of Directors’ attendance at the Board and Board Committee meetings during FY2023 is set out below: 
Directors Designation/Independence
Meeting Attendance#
Board GAC NRC RMC SC BTC
Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani  
Nik Hassan Thani1
Chairman,  
Non-Independent 7/7 3/3 4/4 2/2
Datuk Mohamad Helmy Othman Basha Group Managing Director 7/7
Dato’ Halipah Esa Senior Independent 6/7 6/6 6/6 5/5
Dato’ Mohd Nizam Zainordin Non-Independent 7/7 6/6 6/6
Datuk Mohd Anwar Yahya Independent 7/7 6/6 6/6 5/5
Dato’ Idris Kechot Independent 6/7 6/6 5/5 6/6
Dato’ Sri Sharifah Sofianny Syed Hussain Independent 7/7 6/6 5/5
Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa 2 Non-Independent 1/1 2/2 2/2
Jenifer Thien Bit Leong 3 Independent –
Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad4 Non-Independent –
Former Directors
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Haji Megat Najmuddin 
Datuk Seri Dr Haji Megat Khas 1
Chairman, Non-Independent 4/4
Tunku Alizakri Raja Muhammad Alias 5 Non-Independent 0/1
Tan Ting Min 6 Independent 4/4 2/3 3/3
Datuk Seri Amir Hamzah Azizan 7 Non-Independent 6/6 4/4
Notes:  
# Reflects the number of meetings held during the time the Director held office.
1  Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani Nik Hassan Thani, was appointed as Chairman on 30 June 2023, in place of Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Haji Megat Najmuddin Datuk Seri Dr Haji 
Megat Khas who resigned on 15 June 2023.
2  Encik Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa was appointed on 23 August 2023, and subsequently as a member of the Risk Management Committee (RMC) and BTC on 23 
August 2023.
3  Ms Jenifer Thien was appointed on 22 December 2023, and subsequently as a member of GAC and SC on 5 February 2024.
4 Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad was appointed to the Board and as a member of RMC on 5 February 2024.
5 Tunku Alizakri Raja Muhammad Alias resigned on 16 February 2023.
6 Tan Ting Min resigned on 15 June 2023.
7 Datuk Seri Amir Hamzah Azizan resigned on 12 December 2023.
102 total hours
Board Meetings and Attendance
hours hours
hours
hours
hours
hours
NRC
RMC
15 12
411
7 Board
(including Board Retreats)
53
Integrated Report 2023 page 105
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 108 ----
Key Deliberations by the Board 
Strategy
A session by the GMD on strategy and business plan was held at the start of each quarterly Board 
meeting to provide an overview of the Group’s strategic progress and current operating environment. 
The Board provided guidance and direction as needed, ensuring alignment with the Company’s 
objectives and targets for 2023 and beyond. 
Two Board Retreats held in March 2023 and September 2023 were successfully conducted with the 
Plantation Leadership Committee to deliberate the strategic initiatives and direction of the Company. 
The retreats focussed on digital transformation, succeeding as global champion, the future of 
Flagship/Major Subsidiary Companies, talent management, financial as well as marketing and branding 
strategy. The Board Retreat in September 2023 involved the participation of the Boards of Major 
Subsidiary Companies of SD Plantation.
Respecting 
Human Rights and 
Net Zero
The USCBP has modified its forced labour finding against SD Plantation in FY2023. The USCBP has 
recognised the comprehensive process undertaken by SD Plantation to review, revise and, where 
necessary, to enhance our protocols in recruiting, and managing our workers. 
The Board remains committed to upholding fundamental human rights across the Group’s operations. 
These commitments have been inked in the Human Rights Charter, instilled in our core values and are 
governed by the Code of Business Conduct (COBC) and Group Policies & Authorities (GPA). 
In 2023, ongoing initiatives have been made to ensure that the Company achieves our goal of net-zero 
emissions across our entire value chain by 2050. 
  Further details on the efforts and commitments made by SD Plantation are available in the Press Releases and Public Updates section 
at www.simedarbyplantation.com.
Finance and 
Business 
Performance
The Board had in-depth deliberations on the financial and business performance of the Group.  
The Group’s financial report is circulated on a monthly basis in addition to the quarterly reporting at 
Board meetings. The reports tracked the business performance against targets.
Board 
Composition
Changes to the composition of the Board and Board Committees of SD Plantation and our major 
subsidiaries continued in 2023 with new Directors being appointed and the departure of some.  
The year also saw the succession of the Chairmanship of SD Plantation.  
For further details on the nomination process and appointment can be found in the Nomination & Remuneration Committee Report on 
pages 118 to 122 .
Establishment of 
Flagshop 
Subsidiary
To ensure accountability and drive better decision making, while providing a system of checks and 
balances and creating long-term sustainable value for SD Plantation stakeholders, the Board has 
approved a governance structure where the Major Subsidiary Companies will have increased autonomy 
and accountability. Revisions to the GPA were also approved by the Board to facilitate the transition 
of Flagship Subsidiaries. 
The structure is intended to reduce bureaucracies and permit the SD Plantation Board to focus on  
SD Plantation’s strategic direction and key matters with a view of unlocking shareholder value and 
capturing growth opportunities for the Major Subsidiary Companies. 
PT Minamas Gemilang and PT Anugerah Sumbermakmur (Minamas) is the first major subsidiary 
company of SD Plantation to transition to a Flagship Subsidiary on 1 January 2024. 
Key deliberations by the Board in FY2023 include
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
PRINCIPLE 
 A 
Sime Darby Plantation  page 106
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 109 ----
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS 
Note: As at 31 March 2024. 
The profiles of the Board of Directors are on pages 96 to 99  of this Integrated Report. 
50%
10%
20%
20%
Age Group
50 – 59: 240 – 49: 2 60 – 69: 5 70 – 79: 1
60%
40%
Gender Diversity
Male: 6Female: 4
10%
90%
Ethnicity
Chinese: 1Malay: 9
50%
50%
Balance of
Independent and
Non-Independent
Non-Independent: 5Independent: 5
Board Composition, Dynamics and Effectiveness
Board Composition and Dynamics
Governance, Risk 
and Compliance
In line with amendments to the Listing Requirements to enhance disclosure on conflict of interest, the 
Board and Governance & Audit Committee have deliberated and approved revisions to the Group 
Conflict of Interest Guidelines. 
Revisions to key policies and procedures were also undertaken to ensure that they remain relevant to 
the current operating environment and reflect better intended practices. 
Further details on Governance, Risk and Compliance can be found in the Governance & Audit Committee Report on page 112 , the Risk 
Management Committee Report on page 126 , and the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control on page 127 . 
Succession 
Planning
The Board, together with Nomination & Remuneration Committee (NRC), ensured that there is an 
appropriate succession plan for members of the Board and Senior Management.  
For further details on succession planning can be found in the Nomination & Remuneration Committee Report on page 118 . 
Key deliberations by the Board in FY2023 include
Integrated Report 2023 page 107
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 110 ----
Board & Directors’ Effectiveness Evaluation 
The NRC carries out the Board & Directors’ Effectiveness 
Evaluation (BDEE) on an annual basis. For FY2023, the NRC 
reviewed the actions taken based on the results of the BDEE 
2022 which included private discussions with the Chairman and 
the appointment of consultants to implement intervention plans 
and enhance the Board’s composition. Following the review, the 
assessment criteria for the BDEE 2023 as well as the exercise to 
undertake BDEE 2023 through independent facilitators was 
agreed upon.
Findings of the BDEE 2023 were presented to the Board in 
February 2024 for its review. These findings reflect a generally 
satisfactory performance by the Board and Board Committees. 
All Directors have responded that they are fit and proper. The 
Board also agreed on appropriate action plans to address key 
findings of the BDEE 2023 in FY2024 to further enhance its 
effectiveness. 
Detailed information on BDEE 2023 including the  
assessment criteria and findings, are disclosed in  
Practice 6.1 of the Corporate Governance Report available  
on our website under the Corporate Governance section at  
 www.simedarbyplantation.com
Board Committees’ Effectiveness in accordance with 
their Terms of Reference 
The Board has reviewed the effectiveness of all Board 
Committees in carrying out their duties as set out in the 
respective Committees’ Terms of Reference. The Board is 
satisfied that all Board Committees have discharged their duties 
effectively in accordance with their Terms of Reference. 
Corporate Culture and Values 
The Group’s corporate culture and values are embodied in the 
Group’s Core Values and Business Principles. Internally, we have 
in place policies, procedures and guidelines which serve as a 
backbone for achieving best practices and streamlining internal 
processes. Key among these is the GPAs which define the lines 
of responsibility, accountability, and authority limits and 
represent a formal delegation of the Board’s powers and 
functions to Management. The GPAs are designed to empower 
Management to achieve business objectives within the 
boundaries of business ethics and governance. Thereafter, 
policies, procedures and guidelines are developed to support 
the achievement of the principles stipulated in the GPAs, all of 
which, have to be complied with by Directors and employees of 
the Group.
In dealings between the Group and stakeholders, the expected 
standards of behaviour are stated in several key policies and are 
operationalised in the Group’s processes and procedures. The 
written policies are available on the Group’s website for the 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
information of employees and other stakeholders. The Group 
takes seriously any breaches of our standards and provides 
grievance and whistleblowing channels for stakeholders to 
report genuine concerns without fear of retaliation or reprisal.
These policies and measures include the following:
•  Our Code of Business Conduct, which guides the standards 
of behaviour expected of all Directors and employees of  
SD Plantation, and where applicable, our Counterparties and 
Business Partners.
•  The Vendor Code of Business Conduct which mirrors our 
Core Values and Business Principles and guides our vendors 
on the required standards of behaviour when conducting 
work for SD Plantation. By signing the Vendor Integrity 
Pledge, vendors agree to comply with our standards of 
behaviour, including but not limited to labour and human 
rights, sustainability, health, safety and environment, and 
ethics and management practices (including regulations on 
anti-bribery, fraud and corruption).
•  Our Anti-Corruption Management System is a manifestation 
of the our zero-tolerance for any form of bribery or 
corruption and demonstrates SD Plantation’s commitment to 
upholding integrity and combatting corruption in furtherance 
of our Core Values and Business Principles.
•  Our Group Conflict of Interest Guidelines sets out the 
procedures to manage conflicts of interest relating to 
Directors and employees in ensuring that all business 
decisions are made in the best interests of the Group and in 
compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
•  Our grievance and whistleblowing channels provide an 
avenue for the reporting of genuine concerns without fear of 
retaliation or reprisal. Any employee, stakeholder or member 
of the public can lodge their concerns via the Company’s 
Whistleblowing Channels or Suara Kami. To facilitate the 
reporting of whistleblowing complaints, such complaints can 
be lodged via various channels (website, e-mail, telephone, 
WhatsApp, postal box) throughout our global operations.
  For more details on these measures, please refer to our website under the 
Corporate Governance section at www.simedarbyplantation.com  
Professional Development and Continuous Education 
The Group conducts onboarding sessions for newly appointed 
Directors to familiarise them with the Group’s strategies and 
businesses, operational and financial performance, challenges 
and organisational structure. They also participate in field visits 
and on-ground briefings for a better understanding of the 
Group’s operations.
Following the Directors’ Training Needs Assessment conducted 
in FY2023, training areas that were relevant to the identified 
focus areas for FY2024 were shared with the Board. All 
PRINCIPLE 
 A 
Sime Darby Plantation  page 108
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 111 ----
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS 
Board Remuneration 
The Directors’ remuneration policy is reviewed regularly to ensure the remuneration framework is benchmarked against companies 
comparable to the Group in size and nature of business. It is imperative that the Directors are remunerated competitively based on 
their roles and responsibilities, to attract the right talent and calibre, taking into account the performance of the Company, business 
direction, growth and aspirations. 
Salient elements of the Directors’ remuneration policy and a summary of the Executive Director’s remuneration package are described in 
Practice 8.1 of the Corporate Governance Report 2023 which is available on our website under the Corporate Governance section at  
 www.simedarbyplantation.com 
Remuneration and Material Benefits of Directors
Details of Directors’ remuneration (including benefits-in-kind) and the aggregate remuneration of Directors at the Group level for 
FY2023 are disclosed in Practice 8.1 of the Corporate Governance Report available on our website under the Corporate Governance 
section at  www.simedarbyplantation.com. 
Remuneration of Senior Management 
The NRC reviewed the performance of the GMD and recommended to the Board, for approval, the salary increment and bonus 
proposal for the GMD.  In addition, the NRC recommended for the Board’s approval the salary increment and bonus as well as 
contract renewals for the Direct Reports to the GMD. A total rewards review was also conducted for executives in Malaysia and an 
incentive programme pool for Sime Darby Oils was recommended. 
Remuneration (in the form of fees) of the Non-Executive Directors and members of the Board Committees for FY2023 is shown 
below:
Board/Board Committee
Chairman Member Meeting Allowance
(RM/Year) (RM/Year) (RM/Meeting)
Board 600,000 240,000 1,500
Governance & Audit Committee 80,000 50,000 1,000
Nomination & Remuneration Committee 60,000 35,000 1,000
Risk Management Committee 60,000 35,000 1,000
Sustainability Committee 60,000 35,000 1,000
Board Tender Committee 60,000 35,000 1,000
Directors are encouraged to attend continuous education programmes, as well as visits to SD Plantation’s various operations to 
enhance their skills and knowledge, and to ensure that they keep abreast of new developments and legislations affecting the 
business and palm oil industry. Our Directors regularly undertake professional development and upskilling programmes to enable 
them to perform their duties effectively. All Directors, except Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad, have completed the Mandatory 
Accreditation Programme (Part I) (MAP I). Sharifah Sheila, who was appointed on 5  February 2024, will attend the MAP I in 
April  2024.
The NRC has also identified areas of interest from the Directors’ Training Needs Assessment for FY2024 which cover a broad range 
of topics relevant to the Group’s business, the Directors’ responsibilities and current topics of concern. For more details, please 
refer to the NRC report on pages 118 to 122  of this report.
  For more details on the Directors’ Training and Continuous Education Programme, please refer to the profiles of the Board of Directors on our website under the 
Our Leaders section at www.simedarbyplantation.com
Integrated Report 2023 page 109
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 112 ----
Governance & Audit Committee 
Dato’ Idris Kechot, an Independent Non-Executive Director, serves as the Chairman of the Governance & Audit Committee (GAC). 
The GAC comprises three Independent Non-Executive Directors and one Non-Independent Director. 
The GAC’s TOR encapsulates its mandate and defines its purpose, composition, appointment, authority, functions and duties. In 
FY2023, the GAC convened six meetings, during which, key governance matters, audit initiatives and issues across the Group were 
discussed. The GAC also reviewed significant matters including financial reporting issues, significant judgements made by 
Management, material and unusual events or transactions, and how these matters were addressed. 
In discharging its oversight role on governance and internal controls, the GAC is assisted by the Chief Integrity & Assurance Officer 
(CIAO) who leads the Group’s in-house internal audit (assurance) and integrity and governance functions. 
The role and activities of the GAC are detailed in the Governance & Audit Committee Report on pages 112 to 117  of this 
Integrated Report, and Section A of the Corporate Governance Report 2023 available on our website under the Corporate 
Governance section at  www.simedarbyplantation.com. 
Risk Management and Internal Control Framework 
The Board is responsible for identifying principal risks and ensuring the implementation of appropriate internal controls and 
mitigation measures. The Board recognises that business decisions involve taking appropriate risks, and that the Board’s 
understanding of risks and how risks are addressed have been fundamental in achieving the right balance of risks and controls in the 
Group.
The Board sets the Group’s risk appetite and expects Management to ensure a sound risk management framework is in place to 
identify, analyse, evaluate, manage and monitor significant financial and non-financial risks. The Board is also responsible for 
reviewing the adequacy and integrity of the Group’s information management and internal control systems by ensuring that, among 
other matters, there is a sound framework of reporting on internal controls and regulatory compliance.
The Board has delegated these responsibilities to the GAC and RMC, to ensure independent oversight of risk and internal control 
matters in the Group.
Details of the Risk Management and Internal Control Framework are disclosed in the “Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control” on pages 127 to 135  of this Integrated Report and Section A of the Corporate Governance Report 2023 available on 
our website under the Corporate Governance section at  www.simedarbyplantation.com. 
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT PRINCIPLE 
 B
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
Sime Darby Plantation  page 110
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 113 ----
INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS PRINCIPLE 
 C
Communication with Stakeholders
The Board believes in maintaining effective, transparent and regular communication with our stakeholders to build trust and 
facilitate mutual understanding of each other’s objectives and expectations.
Timely and Quality Disclosure
The Board is committed to ensuring that all communication with the investing public regarding our business, operations and 
financial performance is accurate, timely, factual, informative, consistent, broadly disseminated and where necessary, filed with 
regulators in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Annual General Meeting (AGM) offers an 
opportunity for the Group’s shareholders to raise questions pertaining to the Group’s performance directly to the Board, GMD and 
Senior Leaders.
The Group’s website is a key communication channel for us to reach our shareholders, the investment community, and  
the public. Relevant information on the Group’s governance framework, including our values, code of conduct, whistleblowing and 
other initiatives such as respect for human rights are available on the Group’s website. Financial results, announcements made to 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad and corporate presentations are also available on the website at  www.simedarbyplantation.com. 
This facilitates access to information by our shareholders and other stakeholders.
Integrated Reporting
The Group’s Integrated Report for FY2023 has been prepared with reference to GRI Standards and the International <IR> 
Framework. All financial statements have been prepared according to the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 (Malaysia) and 
the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (MFRS) and audited by the Group’s external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT.
Conduct of General Meetings
Notification in writing to shareholders via hardcopy or electronic means of the publication of the Notice of AGM and the Integrated 
Report on the Company’s website, will be dispatched to shareholders at least 28 days prior to the AGM. The Notification will 
include a designated website link where shareholders can download a copy of the Notice of AGM and the Integrated Report. 
Shareholders also have the right to request a hardcopy of the Group’s Integrated Report through the designated channel.
The AGM 2024 will be held virtually and live-streamed. Voting at the AGM 2024 will be conducted by poll by way of electronic 
voting (e-voting) via Remote Participation and Voting (RPV) facilities. Questions to the Board can be submitted in advance as well as 
through the real-time submission of typed texts during the proceedings of the AGM. The AGM provides an opportunity for the 
Chairman and other members of the Board to share the Company’s progress and performance. Directors will be in attendance at the 
AGM to address questions from shareholders.
More detailed information on the AGM is available online in the Investor Relations section at  www.simedarbyplantation.com.
Integrated Report 2023 page 111
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 114 ----
Governance & Audit Committee Report
COMPOSITION OF THE COMMITTEE
There has been a couple of changes in the 
composition of the Governance & Audit 
Committee (GAC) since the last annual 
report, with Ms Tan Ting Min relinquishing 
her position on the committee on 15 June 
2023 and Ms Jenifer Thien being 
appointed a member on 5 February 2024. 
Details of the GAC members, their 
appointment dates and attendance at 
GAC meetings are provided in the 
Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement on pages 103 to 111 .
In line with the Main Market Listing 
Requirements (MMLR) of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad, all the GAC members 
are Non-Executive Directors, with a 
majority being Independent Directors. 
Dato’ Idris Kechot serves as the Chairman 
of the GAC, satisfying the requirement of 
the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance (MCCG) 2021 to keep 
separate the powers of the Chairman of 
the Board and Chairman of the GAC. 
None of the GAC members is a former 
key audit partner of the Group. 
The GAC members bring diversity in 
knowledge and skills to the Group in the 
effective discharge of their duties. 
Among the four members of the GAC, 
Dato’ Mohd Nizam Zainordin and Datuk 
Mohd Anwar Yahya are qualified 
accountants while Dato’ Idris Kechot has 
“A robust governance 
structure not only protects 
the Group but strengthens 
stakeholders’ trust as we are 
transparent, accountable and 
responsible.”
DATO’ IDRIS KECHOT 
Chairman of the Governance & Audit Committee 
vast experience and expertise in investment management, and Ms Jenifer Thien has 
substantive experience in regional and global business management, supply chain and 
sustainability advisory. All of these professions, combined, satisfy the need for the 
GAC to be financially literate and have a sufficient understanding of the Group’s 
activities. 
The Group Managing Director, Group Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 
Managing Director of Sime Darby Oils, Chief Integrity & Assurance Officer (CIAO) and 
Chief Risk Officer are invited to attend meetings of the GAC to brief and furnish 
members of the GAC with pertinent information and clarification on relevant items on 
the agenda. The external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (PwC), also attend the 
meetings to brief the GAC on matters relating to external audits for the current 
financial year and provide updates on past audit matters.  
ROLES OF THE COMMITTEE 
Key areas under the purview of the GAC include financial reporting and performance 
oversight, the Group’s in-house internal audit (assurance) and integrity and governance 
functions, dealings with external auditors, related party transactions, share issuance 
schemes, as well as controls and governance oversight. 
Detailed Terms of Reference (TOR) of the Committee are available under the Corporate 
Governance section on SD Plantation’s website at  www.simedarbyplantation.com.
OUR FOCUS AND ACTION PLAN 
The GAC received updates on key governance matters, audit initiatives and issues 
across the Group at each of its quarterly meetings. It also reviewed significant matters 
including financial reporting issues, judgements made by Management, and material or 
unusual events or transactions, and how these were addressed. Key matters discussed 
by the GAC during the year are summarised below:  
Impairment 
assessment on 
the carrying 
value of 
goodwill arising 
from the New 
Britain Palm Oil 
Limited 
(NBPOL) 
acquisition
The carrying value of goodwill arising 
from the NBPOL acquisition was 
allocated to two of SD Plantation’s 
cash generating units (CGUs), namely 
NBPOL Group and Minamas Group, the 
latter since Minamas Group operations 
are expected to benefit from synergies 
arising from the acquisition, namely 
the high yielding Dami Super Family 
planting material. 
Management performed an impairment 
assessment of the CGUs based on the 
value-in-use (VIU) determined using 
the discounted cash flow projection 
for each CGU. Management also 
performed a range of sensitivity 
analyses, the results of which showed 
that an individual change of the key 
assumptions provides sufficient 
headroom on the VIU to recover the 
carrying value of the net assets 
(including the allocated goodwill) in 
NBPOL Group and Minamas Group.  
PwC reviewed and concurred with 
Management’s assessment.
The GAC agreed with 
Management’s 
assessment and view that 
no impairment charge is 
required for the Financial 
Year (FY) 2023 as the 
recoverable amounts for 
NBPOL Group and 
Minamas Group 
exceeded the respective 
Group’s carrying value 
(including the allocated 
goodwill). The GAC 
further concurred that 
appropriate disclosures 
of key assumptions and 
sensitivities have been 
made in the Group’s 
financial statements for 
FY2023.
Significant 
Initiatives/Issues Matters Considered Outcomes
Sime Darby Plantation  page 112
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 115 ----
Significant 
Initiatives/Issues Matters Considered Outcomes
Application of 
hedge accounting 
for downstream 
operations in 
Malaysia
The Group adopts cash flow hedge accounting to hedge 
forecasted sales of crude palm oil and bulk refined oils to 
minimise the volatility of profit or loss as any unrealised 
gain or loss arising from the fair value of futures contracts 
which are effectively hedged will be recognised within the 
hedging reserve. The amounts within the hedging reserve 
will be released to the profit or loss to match the revenue 
recognised upon delivery of the goods to the end 
customers.
The GAC reviewed the effective and 
ineffective hedges undertaken by the Group 
and their impact on the Group’s profit and 
loss; and noted that PwC had reviewed the 
hedge documentation prepared by 
Management, and checked the accounting 
treatment of the cash flow hedges applied, 
without noting any exceptions.
Deferred tax 
impact arising 
from Capital Gains 
Tax (CGT) on 
disposal of 
unlisted shares in 
Malaysia
Under the Budget 2024 proposal, it was announced that 
CGT will be imposed on gains from the disposal of shares in 
unlisted companies incorporated in Malaysia. The Finance 
(No. 2) Bill 2023 was substantively enacted on 28 November 
2023 upon the passing of the bill in the House of 
Representatives.
The CGT on unlisted shares incorporated in Malaysia is 
effective for disposals made on or after 1 March 2024. The 
applicable CGT rates are as follows:
Acquisition date of 
shares
CGT rates
On net gain On gross sales 
value
Before 1 March 2024 10% 2%
From 1 March 2024 10% Not applicable
Capital losses will arise if the unlisted shares are disposed of 
for a price that is below the acquisition consideration when 
the companies acquired the unlisted shares. The resulting 
capital losses may be used to offset the gains from the 
disposal of other unlisted shares (or other capital assets 
subject to CGT). Any capital losses accumulated can be 
carried forward for up to 10 years of assessment (YAs). 
Unutilised capital losses will expire after 10 YAs. 
As a result of the above, there is a potential deferred tax 
impact arising from the implementation of CGT on the 
disposal of unlisted shares in Malaysia if the Group elects 
the CGT rate at 10% on net gain as per the Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards (MFRS) 112 “Income Taxes”). 
 
Following an assessment, Management has concluded that 
there are no deferred tax assets or liabilities to be 
recognised on the deductible temporary differences. 
PwC reviewed and concurred with Management’s 
assessment.
The GAC agreed with Management’s 
assessment and view that there is no 
deferred tax to be recognised arising from 
the implementation of the CGT in Malaysia.
Integrated Report 2023 page 113
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 116 ----
Governance & Audit Committee Report
SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES 
During the year under review, the GAC discharged its functions 
and carried out its duties as set out in its TOR. Key activities 
undertaken by the GAC during the year under review are 
summarised below: 
1. Financial Reporting
•  At its quarterly meetings, the GAC reviewed the 
quarterly financial results and related announcements 
and press statements prior to submission to the Board 
for approval. The GAC also deliberated on significant 
accounting matters identified by the auditors as well as 
updates on recurring matters previously reported.
•  On 18 April 2024, the GAC reviewed the annual audited 
financial statements of the Company and the Group, 
and the accompanying Directors’ Report to ensure that 
the financial statements were drawn up pursuant to the 
requirements of MFRS and provisions of the Companies 
Act 2016 of Malaysia, for recommendation to the Board 
for approval.
•  The GAC deliberated on the report from the auditor for 
FY2023 which focussed on, among others, summary of 
corrected and uncorrected misstatements, key auditing 
and accounting matters, internal control 
recommendations and changes to the accounting 
policies and practices.
•  The GAC considered areas of significant audit risks on 
the Group’s consolidated financial statements, including 
the following:
– Risk of fraud in revenue recognition
– Risk of fraud due to Management’s overriding control
•  The GAC also considered Management’s assessments, 
impact analysis and financial disclosures relating to 
significant audit matters and transactions during the 
financial year, including:
–  Adoption and application of new accounting 
standards and policies
– Impairment assessment on assets and goodwill
– Tax and legal matters
– Changes in regulations and law
– Subsequent events
•  The GAC deliberated on the proposed dividends and 
recommended them to the Board for approval.
2. External Audit
•  During the year under review, the GAC held quarterly 
private meetings with the external auditors, PwC, 
without the presence of Management (except for the 
Group Secretary) to discuss matters PwC wished to 
present and to ensure the absence of restrictions in the 
scope and discharge of their audit activities.
•  At its quarterly meetings, the GAC reviewed the results 
and issues reported by PwC, including the Key Audit 
Matters and updates on Management’s responses and 
resolution actions on issues highlighted in PwC’s report.
•  On 15 August 2023, the GAC reviewed and approved 
PwC’s Group Audit Plan which outlined the audit 
strategy and approach for FY2023.
•  The GAC also reviewed and approved the proposed 
global audit fees payable to the Group’s external 
auditors for FY2023 during its meeting on 21 November 
2023.
•  The annual assessment of PwC’s performance (i.e. 
suitability, objectivity and independence) was 
completed on 18 April 2024 and conducted in 
accordance with the Group’s policy on External Auditor 
Appointment & Selection and in consideration of PwC’s 
presentation of its Transparency Report 2023. PwC and 
all members of its engagement team have confirmed 
their independence in accordance with the provisions of 
the By-Laws on Professional Ethics, Conduct and 
Practice of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants in its 
Report to the GAC. Accordingly, the GAC has 
recommended the reappointment of PwC to the Board.
Liquidity position 
of SD Plantation at 
Company level
As at 31 December 2023, the Company is still in a net current liability position 
of RM2.5 billion although it showed year-on-year improvement (FY2022: RM3.4 
billion).  
The improvement in liquidity position resulted from the drawdown of 
borrowings amounting to RM2.4 billion in new facilities to refinance borrowings. 
Management’s assessment indicated the Company is able to meet its liabilities 
as and when they fall due, through the drawdown of funds from existing 
unutilised bank facilities of RM2.8 billion available as of 31 December 2023. 
PwC reviewed Management’s assessment and did not note any material 
uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. 
PwC has also reviewed the loan documentation and amortisation calculations for 
the new facilities, with no exceptions noted.
The GAC agreed with 
Management’s 
assessment and view that 
it is appropriate to 
prepare the financial 
statements of the 
Company on a going 
concern basis.
Significant 
Initiatives/Issues Matters Considered Outcomes
Sime Darby Plantation  page 114
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 117 ----
3. Internal Audit
•  The GAC held quarterly sessions with the CIAO, without 
the presence of Management (except for the Group 
Secretary) to discuss matters the CIAO wished to 
present and to ensure the absence of restrictions on the 
discharge of the Group’s internal audit activities. As the 
Group has a combined internal audit (assurance) and 
integrity & governance function under the CIAO’s 
purview, matters relating to integrity & governance 
were also included in the private discussions.
•  On 15 November 2022, the GAC reviewed the GCA Plan 
for FY2023 (the Plan) ensuring adequacy of its scope 
and coverage of the Group’s activities based on GCA’s 
risk-based audit methodology and adoption of agile 
auditing principles. In approving the Plan, the GAC 
considered the adequacy of GCA’s resources and 
competencies to execute it.
•  At every quarterly meeting held throughout FY2023, the 
GAC reviewed the internal audit reports presented by 
GCA. GCA also presented the status of audits as 
compared to the Plan and its resource adequacy in 
fulfilling the Plan.
•  The Group Integrity, Governance & Assurance (GIGA)’s 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for FY2023 were 
approved by the GAC on 15 November 2022. 
Subsequently, the performance appraisal of the CIAO in 
line with GIGA’s FY2023 KPIs was deliberated and 
approved by the GAC on 19 February 2024.
•  On 19 February 2024, the GAC was updated on the 
implementation of recommendations arising from the 
External Quality Assessment Review (QAR) undertaken 
by Group Corporate Assurance (GCA) in 2021.
•  In line with the provisions of the Corporate Assurance 
Charter, the GAC conducted its annual assessment of 
the purpose, authority, and responsibility of GCA, to 
ensure that these remain adequate to enable GCA to 
accomplish its objectives.
4. Integrity & Governance
•  The GAC Chairman updated the Board on key matters 
deliberated at GAC meetings and the activities 
undertaken by the GAC. This is a standing agenda item 
at the quarterly meetings of the Board. Minutes of the 
GAC meetings were circulated to the Board for noting.
•  On 15 November 2022, the GAC reviewed and approved 
the Group Integrity & Governance Plan for FY2023, 
which outlined the Group’s integrity and governance 
initiatives/key activities and the corresponding 
resources required to support the achievement of the 
Group Compliance (GCO) Plan.
•  On 21 November 2023, the GAC approved the Group 
Organisational Anti-Corruption Plan (2024-2026) which 
serves as a blueprint for advancing the Group’s efforts 
to inculcate the highest level of integrity, transparency 
and accountability to combat corruption.
•  Revisions to the Code of Business Conduct (COBC) 
Handbook and the Conflict of Interest (COI) Guidelines 
were reviewed and recommended by the GAC for the 
Board’s approval during the year.
•  On 21 November 2023, the GAC reviewed and 
recommended the revisions to the Group Policies & 
Authorities, for the Board’s approval.
•  The GAC was apprised of the status of the Group’s 
Anti-Corruption Compliance Programme on a quarterly 
basis. This included a review of the Anti-Corruption 
Management System (ACMS) on 15 August 2023, in 
tandem with the certification requirements of the ISO 
37001:2016 (Anti-Bribery Management System). The 
GAC was kept abreast of the ethics awareness 
programmes carried out across the Group.
•  The GAC approved the biannual submission of the 
“Integrity & Governance Core Function Report” to the 
Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) on 15 
August 2023 and 19 February 2024, for the periods of 
January to June 2023 and July to December 2023, 
respectively.
•  For conflict of interest declarations made by the Board 
of Directors and key senior management, the GAC 
reviewed the measures taken to resolve, eliminate or 
mitigate the conflicts.
•  The GAC reviewed the statistics of whistleblowing 
complaints received through the Group’s various 
whistleblowing channels and the manner in which the 
complaints were addressed. Results of whistleblowing 
investigations were monitored every quarter to ensure 
that independent investigation of the allegations had 
been conducted and appropriate follow-up action taken.
•  The Group’s regulatory compliance across prioritised 
compliance areas was monitored on a quarterly basis by 
the GAC, through the GCO Report that included the 
results of self-attestation by Management to known 
non-compliance incidents and actions taken to resolve 
them.
•  At every quarterly meeting held throughout FY2023,  
the GAC reviewed the whistleblowing and non-
whistleblowing investigation reports issued by Group 
Fraud & Corruption Risk Management (GFCRM).
•  In line with the provisions of the Integrity & Governance 
Charter, the GAC conducted its annual assessment of 
the purpose, authority and responsibility of the 
integrity & governance function ensuring these 
remained adequate to accomplish the set objectives.
5. Related Party Transactions (RPTs) and Recurrent Related   
 Party Transactions (RRPTs)
•  In compliance with MFRS 124, the MMLR, Malaysian 
Companies Act 2016, and the Group’s internal 
guidelines, the GAC reviewed the Group’s related party 
disclosures – namely the RPTs and RRPTs – at all 
quarterly meetings held in FY2023.
•  On 19 February 2024, the GAC approved the Internal 
Guidelines on Related Party Transactions which provides 
a comprehensive framework for the purposes of 
identifying, evaluating, approving, reporting and 
monitoring RPT and conflict of interest situations.
Integrated Report 2023 page 115
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 118 ----
6. Integrated Report
On 18 April 2024, the GAC reviewed and endorsed the 
following documents for inclusion in the Group’s 
Integrated Report 2023, for the Board’s approval:
(a) The Corporate Governance Report
(b) The Corporate Governance Overview Statement
(c) The Governance & Audit Committee Report
(d)  The Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control
7. Other Matters
On 15 August 2023, the GAC reviewed and recommended 
amendments to its TOR to the Board for approval. The 
amendments, related to the expanded scope of the GAC in 
managing conflicts of interest, was approved by the Board 
on 22 August 2023.
On 17 May 2023, the GAC approved revisions to the Open 
Position Limits for Sime Darby Oils Europe and Sime Darby 
GROUP INTEGRITY, GOVERNANCE & ASSURANCE 
1. Overview
The GIGA function comprises GCA and Group Integrity & Governance (GIG 1). GIGA is an independent function, headed by the 
CIAO, Suhailah Mohamed Abdulla, which reports directly and functionally to the GAC and administratively to the Group 
Managing Director. Suhailah is a Certified Fraud Examiner, a Certified Integrity Officer, a Certified Internal Auditor by the 
Global Institute of Internal Auditors and holds a Certification in Control Self-Assessment conferred by the same Institute. She 
is a member of the Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Malaysian Institute of Accountants, and a 
Chartered Member of the Institute of Internal Auditors. Suhailah has more than 25 years of experience in audit, governance, 
risk and compliance across a wide range of industries.
1 GIG comprises GCO and GFCRM as its sub-functions. 
7%
83%
10%
Types of
Certificates Degree Holder: 71
Diploma Holder: 6
Masters Degree 
Holder or higher: 9
Oils Trading Private Limited, while revisions to the Value 
at Risk Limit were approved on 21 November 2023.
The International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants 
(IESBA) Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA 
Code) was revised in April 2021 to include, among others, 
the requirement for auditors to seek concurrence of 
organisations’ audit committees on the permissibility to 
provide non-audit services prior to undertaking any 
non-audit services for the organisation. The GAC had 
deliberated on the matter and provided its concurrence on 
14 February 2023, which also resulted in a revision to the 
Group Policies & Authorities to incorporate the non-audit 
services concurrence framework.
As a standing agenda, the following reports are presented 
to the GAC on a quarterly basis for noting purposes:
(a) Report on hedges and open positions
(b)  Appointments of financial advisors for non-audit services
(c) Investment Tracking Report
GIGA is manned by 86 personnel as detailed below:
Governance & Audit Committee Report
Notes: 
*CIAO, 2 Practice Management, 27 GCA, 8 GCO and 15 GFCRM personnel
@26 GCA and 1 GCO personnel
&4 GCA personnel
^1 GCA personnel
Offices/Regions Executives Non-Executives Total
Malaysia 53* 1 54
Indonesia 27@ 0 27
Papua New 
Guinea
4& 0 4
Europe & Africa 1^ 0 1
Total 85 1 86
Types of Certificates With Without
Degree or Higher 80 –
Diploma 6 –
Professional Certificate – 
(including in progress & excluding 
non-executives)
49 36
Certified^: One staff may have more than one professional certification.
*: Excluding non-executives. 
GIGA Professional Certificates FY2023
13 
13 
18 
20 
18 
Others
In Progress
CIA
IT Related
Risk, Compliance & Fraud Related
Certified^
19 
In Progress
ACCA/CA/CPA
Out of 36 GIGA 
members without 
professional 
certificates*, 19 or 
53% are currently 
pursuing the Certified 
Internal Auditors 
(CIA) certification. 
Sime Darby Plantation  page 116
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 119 ----
2. Group Corporate Assurance
GCA’s principal responsibility is to undertake regular and 
systematic reviews for the Group to evaluate and improve 
the effectiveness of risk management, control and 
governance processes as defined in the Corporate 
Assurance Charter. 
GCA activities are governed by the Global Institute of 
Internal Auditors’ mandatory guidance including the 
Definition of Internal Auditing, the Code of Ethics and the 
International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF). 
Periodic internal quality assurance programmes were 
undertaken by GCA on a bi-annual basis, in addition to the 
periodic External QAR which was last performed in 2021, 
to ensure that the assurance activities are performed as 
per the IPPF. In maintaining independence and objectivity, 
GCA ensures that its internal auditors are free from any 
relationship or conflict of interest when performing their 
duties. 
The independent internal audit and advisory services for 
the Group during FY2023 were conducted by GCA and 
certain audits were assisted via co-sourcing arrangements 
with external service providers. In ascertaining adequate 
internal audit coverage throughout the Group’s operations, 
GCA is supported by Section Heads in Malaysia, Indonesia 
and Papua New Guinea & Solomon Islands and a Head of 
GCA IT & Analytics, who all report to the CIAO. GCA IT & 
Analytics runs an in-house data analytics unit to further 
optimise the use of analytics throughout the audit 
lifecycle. Operational costs incurred by GCA for FY2023 
amounted to approximately RM13.3 million, which 
consisted mainly of staff costs and professional fees. 
In line with the Group’s Strategic Plan, GCA supports the 
Group by providing assurance within the following key 
focus areas: 
GCA’s Key Audit Coverage
• Procurement
• Inventory management
• Project management
• Post investment
• Sales and marketing
• Estate, mill and refinery 
operations
• CAPEX management
• Logistics management
• Credit management
• Financial controls
• Trading
• Workers management
• Seed production and 
breeding
• IT general and 
application controls
• IT project governance & 
management
• Cybersecurity
3. Group Integrity & Governance
GIG oversees the functions of whistleblowing (complaints 
management), investigations (detection & verification), 
integrity enhancement, and governance for the Group.
• Group Compliance
GCO provides compliance assurance and advisory 
support to ensure that the Group’s operations are 
conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements, 
internal policies and procedures, COBC and standards of 
good business practice. The GCO Framework is based on 
the ISO 37301:2021 – Compliance Management System. 
The framework sets out the foundations and 
organisational arrangements for designing, implementing, 
monitoring, reviewing and continually improving 
compliance management throughout the Group.
Details of key activities undertaken by GCO pertaining 
to policy instruments, COBC, Control Self-Assessment, 
Anti-Corruption Compliance and Whistleblowing are 
provided in the Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control on pages 127 to 135 . 
• Group Fraud & Corruption Risk Management
GFCRM detects and responds to fraud and corruption 
incidents/risks by conducting special reviews and 
investigations of complaints received through the 
whistleblowing channel at the request of the GAC and 
Management. As part of fraud prevention efforts, 
GFCRM in collaboration with GCO conducts fraud and 
corruption risk assessments on all business units, 
supplementing this with the issuance of quarterly 
newsletters and internal control memos to bolster fraud 
awareness throughout the organisation. In the conduct 
of its work, GFCRM is guided by the Group Fraud 
Control Framework which is mapped against the 
principles of the Fraud Risk Management Guide 2016 
(FRMG) of the Committee of Sponsoring Organization 
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and Association of 
Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE).
This Report is made in accordance with the resolution 
of the Board of Directors dated 23 April 2024.
Apart from the above assurance coverage, GCA regularly 
monitors the implementation of recommended action plans 
by Management to ensure timely resolution of audit 
findings/issues in addressing risk and control gaps. 
Integrated Report 2023 page 117
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 120 ----
“Several changes were made 
to the Board in 2022 and 
2023, introducing greater 
diversity and experience into 
the mix. We also actively 
prioritised capacity building 
and succession planning, in 
order to support the Group 
in the development and 
execution of our strategic 
plans.”
Nomination & Remuneration Committee Report
DATO’ HALIPAH ESA 
Chairman of the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee
COMPOSITION OF THE COMMITTEE
Details of the composition of the 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
(NRC) and its Members’ attendance are 
provided in the Corporate Governance 
Overview Statement on pages 103 to 111
.
The NRC comprises Non-Executive 
Directors (NEDs) with a majority being 
Independent Directors and is chaired by 
the Senior Independent NED. The 
composition of the NRC complies with 
the requirements of both the Main 
Market Listing Requirements (MMLR) of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad and the 
Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
(MCCG) 2021. 
Meetings of the NRC are attended by the 
Group Managing Director (GMD), with 
other members of Senior Management 
invited when necessary to support 
detailed discussions on matters relevant 
to the agenda. 
THE COMMITTEE’S ROLE & FUNCTIONS 
The NRC assists the Board in reviewing its size and balance for an appropriate  
mix of skills, experience, knowledge and responsibilities of Directors. It also oversees 
Sime Darby Plantation Berhad’s (SD Plantation) succession planning, human capital 
development and the remuneration framework for Directors, Management and 
employees.
The Committee’s Terms of Reference (TOR) was last reviewed on 21 February 2024. 
  For the detailed TOR of the Committee, refer to the Corporate Governance section on SD Plantation’s 
website at www.simedarbyplantation.com
OUR FOCUS AND ACTION PLANS  
In FY2023, the NRC undertook the following key activities: 
Nomination Function
Nomination, 
appointment 
and re-election 
of Directors
Changes to the composition of 
the Board as part of the Board 
renewal started in FY2022 and 
continued into FY2023. This 
included a succession of the 
Chairmanship of the Company 
to Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani 
Nik Hassan Thani following the 
retirement of Tan Sri Dato’ Seri 
Haji Megat Najmuddin Datuk 
Seri Dr Haji Megat Khas on
15 June 2023. 
The NRC deliberated on 
appointments and changes to 
the composition of the Board 
and Board Committees, 
including its Major Subsidiary 
Companies. In recommending 
the most suitable candidates to 
the Board, the NRC assessed 
and considered the overarching 
fit and proper criteria, as well 
as the candidates’ knowledge, 
experience and ability to 
commit their time. It also took 
into consideration Board 
diversity in line with the Board 
Composition Policy.
The Board appointed Mohd Irwan 
Ahmad Mustafa as a
Non-Independent NED and 
Ahmad Faiz Ahmad Shahrudin as 
an Alternate Director to
Mohd Irwan on 22 August 2023. 
Mohd Irwan is a Nominee 
Director of Permodalan Nasional 
Berhad.
Subsequently, the Board 
appointed Jenifer Thien as an 
Independent NED on
22 December 2023. The Board 
utilised a combination of 
independent sources and 
recommendations from existing 
directors and management when 
identifying Independent NED 
candidates.
On 5 February 2024,
Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad 
was appointed a
Non-Independent NED.
Sharifah Sheila is a Nominee 
Director of the Employees 
Provident Fund. 
 The profiles of Mohd Irwan, Ahmad 
Faiz, Jenifer Thien and Sharifah 
Sheila are on pages 98 to 99.
 Further details on the Nomination 
and Recruitment Process are 
provided on page 120.
The NRC recommended the 
re-election of Directors retiring 
at the 2023 Annual General 
Meeting (AGM).
  Further details on the re-election of 
Directors are provided on pages 
120 to 121.
Key Activities Matters Considered Outcomes
Sime Darby Plantation  page 118
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 121 ----
Remuneration Function 
Key Activities Matters Considered Outcomes
Key Activities Matters Considered Outcomes
Board & Directors’ 
Effectiveness 
Evaluation (BDEE)
For FY2023, the NRC reviewed the actions taken 
based on the results of the BDEE 2022 which 
included the appointment of consultants to 
implement intervention plans and coaching. It also 
assessed the overall composition of the Board and 
Board Committees at both the SD Plantation and 
major subsidiary levels.
The BDEE 2022 resulted in a review of the top 
leadership which led to the creation of the Group 
Chief Operating Officer (GCOO) position, reducing 
the duality of roles assumed by top leadership within 
the Group. 
The Board engaged Deloitte Business Advisory
Sdn Bhd as the independent facilitator to conduct the 
BDEE 2023. The BDEE 2023 entailed the evaluation of 
the Board, Board Committees and individual Directors, 
including Independent Directors, and the review of 
the term of office and performance of the GAC. 
The findings of the BDEE 2023, presented to the NRC 
and Board, included areas of strength and areas to 
focus on for FY2024. The results of the BDEE 2023 
reflected a generally satisfactory performance by the 
Board and Board Committees. All Directors have 
responded that they are fit and proper.
  Detailed information on the BDEE 2023, including the 
assessment criteria and findings, are disclosed in Practice 6.1 of 
the Corporate Governance Report under the Stock and 
Shareholder Information section on SD Plantation’s website at 
www.simedarbyplantation.com
Succession 
Planning
The NRC has recommended the restructuring of L1 (direct reports to GMD) and key management positions 
based on the Group’s current and future needs. With the restructuring, a re-assessment of the
L1 successors was conducted to gauge readiness and suitability. Both external and internal assessments 
were used for the selection of successors.
It was also proposed that the position of GCOO be established as a succession to the GMD. Mohd Haris 
Mohd Arshad, Managing Director, Sime Darby Oils, was appointed as the GCOO effective 1 January 2024.
Board 
Remuneration
In FY2023, the NRC commenced a review of the 
Board Remuneration Framework for the following 
companies:
(i) Sime Darby Oils International Limited
(ii) PT Minamas Gemilang & PT Anugerah   
 Sumbermakmur
(iii) New Britain Palm Oil Limited
(collectively Flagship and Major Subsidiary Companies).
The review was assisted by a consultant with the aim 
of ensuring that the level and composition of the 
remuneration of the Flagship and Major Subsidiary 
Companies’ Boards are aligned with those companies 
in similar nature of business and at the ongoing rate 
for similar roles in the marketplace.
The NRC viewed that it was important for the 
Flagship and Major Subsidiary Companies’ Boards 
to be remunerated competitively based on their 
roles and responsibilities in order to attract the 
right talent of high calibre taking into account the 
performance of the companies, their business 
direction, aspirations and expectations of future 
growth. This was also in view of the plan to 
transition all Major Subsidiary Companies into 
Flagship Subsidiary Companies.
The review of the Board Remuneration Framework 
concluded in 2024 with the Board approving a change 
in remuneration across two phases. The Board will be 
seeking shareholders’ approval on the change in 
remuneration at the forthcoming AGM.
   The proposed changes for shareholders’ approval is provided in 
the Notice of AGM under the Stock and Shareholder 
Information section on SD Plantation’s website at  
www.simedarbyplantation.com
Recommended the remuneration of NEDs of the
SD Plantation Group of Companies. 
   Detailed disclosure on the remuneration of individual Directors 
of SD Plantation on a named basis is disclosed in Practice 8.1 
of the Corporate Governance Report under the Stock and 
Shareholder Information section on SD Plantation’s website at 
www.simedarbyplantation.com
Integrated Report 2023 page 119
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 122 ----
Key Activities Matters Considered and Outcomes
GMD Performance 
Scorecard, Evaluation 
and Remuneration 
Reviewed the performance of the GMD and recommended to the Board, for approval, the salary 
increment and bonus proposal for the GMD.  
Senior Management 
Remuneration and 
Renewals
Recommended to the Board, for approval, the salary increment and bonus proposals as well as contract 
renewals for the Direct Reports to the GMD.
Nomination & Remuneration Committee Report
NOMINATION AND RECRUITMENT PROCESS 
The NRC drives the recruitment process for new Directors. In considering candidates as potential Directors, the NRC applies and 
considers the following selection criteria:
• Required skills, knowledge, expertise and experience
• Time commitment, character, professionalism and integrity
• Ability to work cohesively with other members of the Board
• Specialist knowledge or technical skills in line with the Group’s strategy
• Diversity in age, gender and experience/background
• Number of directorships in companies outside the Group.
The NRC is also guided by the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy, as set out in the Board Charter, in its review and assessment of 
candidates that are to be appointed to the Board. All new Directors appointed to the Board have been assessed and the Board is 
satisfied that they meet the overarching fit and proper criteria.
Overview of the Nomination and Recruitment Process
RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 
The NRC reviews and ensures that Directors retire and are re-elected in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the 
Company’s Constitution. This includes having satisfactory evaluation of their performance and contributions to the Board. 
The NRC has conducted the fit and proper assessment of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM. The NRC 
and Board are satisfied that the Directors have met the overarching fit and proper criteria.
•  Candidates are 
identified through 
independent sources 
and/or recommendations 
based on the selection 
criteria
•  Where relevant, the 
NRC will seek third-
party feedback on 
identified candidates
•  Candidates are 
evaluated on the 
overarching fit and 
proper criteria as well as 
potential conflict of 
interest/conflict of 
interest situations
•  Shortlisted candidates 
attend engagement 
session with the NRC
•  NRC discusses and 
recommends shortlisted 
candidates to the Board
•  The Board deliberates 
and approves the 
appointment of the 
selected candidate(s)
•  Selected candidate 
accepts appointment 
and undergoes the 
Board Immersion 
Programme
Nomination Selection Deliberation  
and Approval Immersion
Sime Darby Plantation  page 120
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 123 ----
BOARD COMPOSITION AND DIVERSITY 
The Board Composition Policy sets out the Board’s aspiration on the desired level of Boardroom diversity to reflect the diverse 
nature of the Company’s operations and support the Company’s strategic objectives.
The Board Composition Policy was last reviewed on 21 February 2024 to update, amongst others, the target for women Directors to 
represent at least 30% of the Board in line with Practice 5.9 of the MCCG 2021.
The Board’s progress towards achieving targets set out in the Policy is as shown below:
• Gender Diversity
The Board will comprise at least 30% women Directors. The Board has met its target with 40% women (or four women Directors) 
representation on the Board based on the current composition.
• Age Diversity
The Board will work towards having a generationally-diverse Board that will create a balance between maturity and experience 
with an injection of energy and a greater level of flexibility and adaptability to reinvigorate the Company. The age diversity of 
the Board can be found on page 95 .
• Ethnic Diversity
The Board will work towards diversifying the ethnic composition of the Board as and when vacancies arise and suitable 
candidates are identified. The ethnic diversity of the Board can be found on page 95 .
• Independence of Directors
The Board comprises a balanced number of Independent NEDs, with five out of 10 Directors being independent. None of the five 
Independent NEDs has served on the Board for a cumulative period of nine years.
The NRC is highly committed to achieving and maintaining a composition where a majority of its Directors are independent. The 
NRC will source and work on recommending candidates to be nominated as Independent NEDs to the Board for its deliberation 
and approval.
The Board is of the view that the Independent Directors have brought independent and objective judgment to the Board’s 
deliberations and decisions.
The NRC is responsible for the implementation of the Board Composition Policy and for monitoring progress towards the 
achievement of the Board’s objectives.
   Salient features of the Board Composition Policy are available in the Corporate Governance section on SD Plantation’s website at  
www.simedarbyplantation.com
The Board recommends the re-election of the following Directors who will be retiring pursuant to Rules 81.2 and 103 of the Company’s 
Constitution at the forthcoming AGM:
 The profiles of the above Directors are in the Board of Directors section on pages 96 and 99.
Rule 81.2 of the Constitution Rule 103 of the Constitution
Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa
Jenifer Thien Bit Leong
Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad
Dato’ Halipah Esa
Datuk Mohd Anwar Yahya
Integrated Report 2023 page 121
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 124 ----
Directors’
Training
Needs
Assessment
Downstream focussing on
Commodity Price Risk Management 29%
Innovation focussing on Generative
ArtificialIntelligence and
Innovation Governance
18%
Risk Management
and Internal Control 7%
Human Capital Governance
and Talent Strategy7%
Distruptive Technologies and
Modernising Data Governance7%
Corporate Governance and
Regulatory  Updates7%
Sustainability Standards and
Reporting Framework7%
Leadership & Management 7%
Capital Markets and Investment 4%
Merger & Acquisition and
Corporate Restructuring4%
Environmental, Social and
Governance3%
PRIORITIES MOVING FORWARD 
The NRC will continue to focus on the following key areas:
(i)  Strengthening Board Independence – the current Board 
comprises a balanced number of Independent NEDs, with 
five out of 10 Directors being independent. The NRC is 
working on appointing additional Independent NED(s) and 
maintaining a composition where a majority of its Directors 
are independent. This will foster greater objectivity in the 
boardroom.
(ii)  Enhancing Board Effectiveness and Dynamics – with the 
changes to the Board in 2022 and 2023, the NRC plays a 
crucial role in ensuring that all new Directors are well 
oriented and apprised of the Group’s strategic direction, 
core values as well as current events and projects.
The NRC has been working with an appointed consultant 
to improve the Board’s effectiveness and dynamics. In 
support of the Chairman’s emphasis on board 
enhancement, the NRC will continue to oversee the newly 
introduced Board Education Programme, a long-term 
education plan which aims to develop Board effectiveness 
and leadership capacity. This includes reframing long-held 
beliefs and norms about boards to transform the Board 
into a Global Board.
DIRECTORS’ TRAINING NEEDS ASSESSMENT 
The Directors’ Training Needs Assessment conducted in 2023 sought views from all Directors on the areas of training to 
focus on in FY2024. The areas of interest identified from the Directors’ Training Needs Assessment for FY2024 are as 
follows: 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee Report
A comprehensive Board Immersion Programme (BIP) has 
been designed to provide the Directors with an in-depth 
understanding and grasp of the businesses across the 
Company’s operations. The BIP will commence in 2024 and 
includes visits to operations. The BIP will be offered in 
addition to and complement the existing Board 
Onboarding Session for new incoming Directors.
(iii)  Strengthening Talent Management – SD Plantation will 
continue to strengthen our talent management in FY2024, 
focussing on addressing talent supply, strengthening talent 
capabilities, and building a reliable succession pipeline.
(iv)  Employee Experience  – Employee Experience initiatives 
will be enhanced, eventually leading towards building  
a unique Employee Value Proposition, and elevating  
SD Plantation’s position as the employer of choice.
(v)  Board Remuneration Framework – the NRC has been 
leading the review of the Board Remuneration Framework 
of the Flagship and Major Subsidiary Companies, which 
started in 2023 and into 2024. In 2024, the NRC also 
performed a review of the benefits-in-kind provided to the 
SD Plantation Board. The NRC will continue to review the 
Board Remuneration Framework to ensure it remains 
competitive, appropriate and aligned with current market 
practices, thus enable the Group to attract and retain the 
right talents.
  For more information on the training and 
continuous education programmes attended 
by each Director, refer to the profiles of the  
Board of Directors under Our Leaders 
section on SD Plantation’s website at 
www.simedarbyplantation.com
The Board will focus on development 
programmes in the following areas:
(i)  Downstream – commodity price 
risk management
(ii)  Innovation – generative artificial 
intelligence and innovation 
governance.
Training programmes relating to the 
other areas of interest above will be 
monitored continuously and shared 
Sime Darby Plantation  page 122
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 125 ----
Sustainability Committee Report
COMPOSITION OF THE COMMITTEE
Details of the composition of the SC and 
the Directors’ attendance are provided in 
the Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement on pages 103 to 111 .
The Committee was supported by Dr 
Simon Lord, Sustainability Advisor, in the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
Dr Lord assisted the Committee in 
identifying emerging sustainability trends 
and their implications to Sime Darby 
Plantation (SD Plantation or the Group), 
as well as reviewing and advising the 
Group on our progress towards meeting 
our sustainability commitments and 
stakeholders’ expectations. 
Dr Lord attended four out of six 
meetings during the financial year. 
“The Group has made 
significant strides over 
the last year in reinforcing 
our position as a leader in 
sustainability. Being the first 
palm oil company to have 
our climate targets approved 
by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi) 
demonstrates the credibility 
of the work being done. The 
Sustainability Committee 
(SC) continues to support 
Management’s efforts in 
demonstrating leadership.”
DATO’ HALIPAH ESA 
Chairman of the Sustainability Committee
THE COMMITTEE’S ROLE AND FUNCTIONS
The SC is committed to ensuring that the Group’s operations are in line with our 
sustainability objectives, namely to contribute to a better society, combat climate 
change and deliver sustainable development. The review of the Terms of Reference 
(TOR) of the Committee on 16 February 2023 incorporated mainly, an additional scope 
of its objectives and functions and duties relating to the Group’s sustainability 
statement/report in line with the Main Market Listing Requirements. 
The Committee’s detailed TOR is available under the Corporate Governance section on 
SD Plantation’s website at  www.simedarbyplantation.com
Ensuring the 
Highest Respect 
for Human Rights 
within the 
Organisation
Material matters surrounding human rights, 
particularly combating forced labour, were 
deliberated and monitored by the SC. These 
included:
•  Monitoring the effectiveness of the newly 
implemented Responsible Recruitment 
Procedures.
•  Monitoring progress of assessments and 
enhancements around labour practices in 
other jurisdictions, including Indonesia, 
Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
•  Monitoring the effectiveness of grievance 
mechanisms implemented to give workers 
a stronger voice within the operations.
Significant initiatives 
to enhance labour 
practices have been 
implemented in 
Indonesia, Papua New 
Guinea and Solomon 
Islands.
  Further details on 
the Group’s efforts 
related to Human 
Rights can be 
found on pages 
31-34 of the 
Sustainability 
Report 2023.
Responding to 
Climate Change
The Committee deliberated in detail the 
Group’s strategy and progress in responding 
to developments around climate change, 
which included:
•  Detailed deliberation of the Group’s 
climate strategy and progress in the 
execution of the Net-Zero Roadmap.
•  Monitoring progress of key strategies in 
decarbonising our operations, including 
progress of the renewables business (such 
as methane capture and solar projects) 
and reforestation efforts being 
implemented across the Group.
•  Reviewing and deliberating the Group’s 
public disclosures on climate change, 
ensuring alignment with globally 
recognised standards and guidelines, 
including the recommendations of the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD).
•  Achieved SBTi 
validation for 
net-zero targets.
•  As of end FY2023, 
16 methane 
capture plants in 
operation, with 
another three 
currently under 
development.
  Further details of 
SD Plantation’s 
efforts on climate 
action and 
decarbonisation 
can be found on 
pages 15-27 of our 
Sustainability 
Report 2023.
OUR FOCUS AND ACTION PLANS
The SC deliberated in detail the sustainability performance of SD Plantation’s own 
operations and our global supply chain, as well as the material sustainability issues 
impacting us throughout the reporting period, the SC received updates on key 
sustainability initiatives and issues across the Group at each Committee meeting. The 
SC focussed on the following: 
Significant 
Initiatives/IssuesMatters Considered Outcomes
Integrated Report 2023 page 123
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 126 ----
Significant Initiatives/
Issues Matters Considered Outcomes
Enhancing 
Occupational Safety 
and Health (OSH) 
Performance
Safety and health remain a key concern and were deliberated 
extensively during the SC meetings. This included:
•  Reviews of all occupational fatality cases across the Group’s 
operations, where attendance of the Operating Unit manager 
was required to present the outcomes of investigations, as well 
as corrective and preventative actions implemented. Findings 
and learnings from each case are shared across all other 
Operating Units.
•  Monitoring of the Group’s OSH performance indicators and the 
mitigation actions undertaken by Management to further 
enhance safety across all operations.
The Group is progressing 
towards our overall goal of zero 
harm with ongoing 
enhancements to OSH practices 
being implemented on the 
ground. 
  Further details of the Group’s OSH 
performance can be found on pages 
28-30 of the Sustainability Report 
2023.
Ensuring a Sustainable 
Supply Chain
The Group’s progress in managing supply chain sustainability risks 
was monitored and deliberated during the SC meetings. Key 
matters covered included:
•  Monitoring and reviewing progress of the Group’s efforts to 
improve the transparency and traceability of our global supply 
chain. 
•  Monitoring and reviewing progress of the Group’s efforts to 
engage with suppliers to improve No Deforestation, Peat and 
Exploitation (NDPE) compliance.
•  Monitoring and reviewing progress of the Group’s upstream 
smallholder inclusion programmes.
•  The Group’s overall supply 
chain transparency has been 
increasing, with a 93.2% 
traceability to mill and 70.9% 
traceability to plantation in 
FY2023. 
•  Ongoing efforts are being 
made to further engage with 
suppliers and include 
smallholders in adopting 
responsible agricultural 
practices.
  Further details of the Group’s efforts 
to manage supply chain sustainability 
can be found on pages 39-47 of the 
Sustainability Report.
PRIORITIES MOVING FORWARD
The Group will continue to demonstrate leadership in sustainability across our operations and global supply chain. Key areas of 
focus include:
•  Demonstrating credible progress in the implementation of the Net-Zero Roadmap.  With the Group’s climate targets validated, 
clear progress would need to be achieved to meet immediate-term targets. The SC will closely monitor progress of the 
Renewables business, initiatives related to reforestation and land use transformation, as well as efforts to enhance our supplier 
engagement.
•  Ensuring sustainability of the enhanced labour practices implemented.  As the improved labour practices are being replicated 
throughout all territories within the Group, the SC will continue to deliberate and monitor the implementation of these practices 
in our operations. The SC will also closely monitor the Group’s safety and health performance to ensure progress towards the 
ultimate goal of zero harm.
•  Demonstrating further progress in managing supply chain sustainability risks.  With increased scrutiny around supply chain 
sustainability, the SC will continue to support Management in deliberating and monitoring efforts to improve supply chain 
transparency and NDPE compliance across our supply chain. Smallholder Inclusion programmes will be an area of particular 
interest, with the overall goal of transforming the industry to adopt responsible agricultural practices.
 Further details of the Group’s performance can be found in the Sustainability Statement on pages 86 to 93.
Sustainability Committee Report
Sime Darby Plantation  page 124
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 127 ----
Board Tender Committee Report
COMPOSITION OF THE COMMITTEE 
Details of the composition of the BTC and the Directors’ attendance are provided in 
the Corporate Governance Overview Statement on pages 103 to 111 .
THE COMMITTEE’S ROLE & FUNCTIONS 
The Committee oversees the tender process, ensuring it is carried out in a fair, 
transparent, effective and comprehensive manner, and in accordance with the 
principles of the Group Procurement Policies and  Authorities (GPPA). 
The Committee’s detailed Terms of Reference (TOR) is available under the Corporate 
Governance section on SD Plantation’s website at  www.simedarbyplantation.com
OUR FOCUS & ACTION PLANS 
The BTC undertook the following key activities in the financial year ended 
31  December 2023:
•  Reviewed the TOR of the BTC following Bursa Malaysia’s amendment to its Main 
Market Listing Requirements’ Conflict of Interest (COI), and revision to the Group 
COI Guidelines.
•  Procured alternative materials from various sources to ensure the Group’s 
requirements are met promptly in the face of global supply chain disruptions.
•  Standardised specifications, consolidated volume and adopted the most competitive 
negotiation method to secure the best value for the Group.
• Reviewed and deliberated on the following tenders:
 –  the purchase of fertilisers for New Britain Palm Oil Limited and the upstream 
businesses in Malaysia and Indonesia;
 – the award of 11 main plant packages at Sei Mangkei Special Economic Zone;
 – the supply of natural gas to Sime Darby Oils Zwijndrecht Refinery B.V.;
 –  the award to Mizou Holdings Sdn Bhd for the supply and delivery of single 
chassis tractors to meet the requirements for the rollout of SD Plantation’s 
mechanisation programme; and
 –  the award of replanting land preparation contracts for upstream businesses in 
Malaysia and Indonesia.
PRIORITIES MOVING FORWARD
•  The BTC will continue to uphold its commitment to the Group's procurement 
practices, in all tenders and contracts ensuring transparency, objectivity and 
fairness. Our aim is to secure the utmost value for the Group while adhering to best 
practices that recognise the importance of good governance and enhance integrity 
efforts.
•  BTC will ensure that the procurement of all contracts aligns seamlessly with the 
processes and protocols outlined in the GPPA. Paramount in our considerations is 
the pursuit of cost optimisation, essential for securing optimal value for  
SD Plantation.
•  Looking ahead, BTC remains resolute in its mission to propel SD Plantation towards 
sustainable value creation.
“Sound procurement 
practices extend beyond 
securing favourable deals. 
It necessitates good 
governance, fairness, 
transparency and value; and 
enhances the integrity of 
our organisation. The Board 
Tender Committee (BTC) is 
steadfast in upholding these 
principles when evaluating, 
deliberating and approving 
key tenders, consistent with 
the Group Procurement 
Policies and Authorities.” 
DATO’ SRI SHARIFAH SOFIANNY 
SYED HUSSAIN 
Chairman of the Board Tender Committee 
Integrated Report 2023 page 125
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 128 ----
Risk Management Committee Report 
COMPOSITION OF THE COMMITTEE 
Details on the composition of the RMC and the Directors’ attendance are provided in 
the Corporate Governance Overview Statement on pages 103 to 111 .
THE COMMITTEE’S ROLE & FUNCTIONS
The primary objective of the Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in 
discharging its statutory and fiduciary responsibilities by identifying significant risks 
and ensuring that the GRMF includes the necessary policies and mechanisms to 
manage the Group’s overall risk exposures. The RMC is also tasked with reviewing the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the GRMF, to ensure that it continues to support the 
vision and strategic objectives of the Group whilst safeguarding stakeholders’ 
interests. 
The Committee’s detailed Terms of Reference is available under the Corporate 
Governance page on SD Plantation’s website at  www.simedarbyplantation.com
OUR FOCUS AND ACTION PLANS 
During the Financial Year ended 31 December 2023, the RMC undertook the following 
key activities:
•  Monitored principal risks affecting the achievement of the Group’s strategies and 
objectives. This included reviewing strategic risk reports on external and emerging 
risk outlooks, as well as country risk assessments for territories in which the Group 
operates; and updates on significant internal risk exposures.
• Reviewed and provided oversight of Group Risk Management’s activities, including:
 – Fortnightly key risks perspective newsletters.
 – Deep-dive risk assessments on key risk areas.
 – New investment or divestment risk assessments.
 – Risk assessment and refresher workshops to establish new/updated risk profiles.
 – Project risk review on previously approved investment initiatives
 –  Development and testing of Business Continuity Plan for downstream operations 
and Business Continuity Management refresher awareness sessions.
 –  Embedding a risk-aware culture throughout the organisation by sending out a 
series of risk newsletters to educate employees on active risk management and 
how it relates to their work and business, as well as the risk management 
methodology used within SD Plantation.
• Reviewed the Group’s cyber security risk and related exposures.
• Reviewed new investments or proposed disposals.
• Reviewed the Group’s financial exposure position.
• Reviewed the Group’s price risk strategy and trading positions.
Where appropriate, the RMC also leveraged on the work of other Board committees, 
namely the Sustainability and Nomination & Remuneration Committees, to assist in 
ensuring robust oversight of particular risk exposures. 
PRIORITIES MOVING FORWARD 
In the coming year, the RMC will continue to focus on providing oversight of the 
implementation of the GRMF throughout the Group, while monitoring key risk 
exposures impacting SD Plantation and the results of mitigating actions taken. These 
include deep dives into SD Plantation’s key risks and follow-up actions, as well as 
updates and/or the establishment of new risk profiles for the Group’s business units 
globally. The RMC will also oversee the testing of business continuity plans at selected 
Sime Darby Oils’ business units in Malaysia as well as the development of business 
continuity plans for identified entities overseas.
“The Risk Management 
Committee (RMC) remains 
dedicated to ensuring the 
effective implementation of 
the Group Risk Management 
Framework (GRMF). It 
strives to foster a risk-
awareness culture in Sime 
Darby Plantation Berhad 
(SD Plantation) so that 
employees are empowered 
with the right mindset to 
practise and promote good 
risk management while they 
strive to achieve strategic 
objectives and capture 
opportunities.” 
DATUK MOHD ANWAR YAHYA  
Chairman of the Risk Management 
Committee 
Sime Darby Plantation  page 126
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 129 ----
Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control 
INTRODUCTION 
The Board is pleased to present this Statement on 
Risk Management and Internal Control, which 
outlines the state of risk management and internal 
control within Sime Darby Plantation (SD Plantation) 
for the financial year under review.
RESPONSIBILITIES AND 
ACCOUNTABILITIES 
SD Plantation’s robust governance structure 
provides a system of checks and balances to 
ensure accountability and drive better decision-
making, while creating long-term sustainable value 
for our stakeholders. In navigating the challenging 
business landscape in 2023, SD Plantation’s 
corporate ecosystem of governance, risk 
management and internal controls has enabled  
the Group to rise to the challenges effectively  
and deliver value to our stakeholders within the 
realm of accountability, transparency, integrity  
and ethics.
Board of Directors
Risk Management 
Committee
Group Risk
Management
Group Compliance Operations 
Leadership
Team
Governance & 
Audit Committee
Group Integrity, 
Governance & Assurance
Group Corporate Assurance Group Chief 
Operating
Officer
Group Managing 
Director
Plantation Leadership 
Committee
Group Fraud & Corruption Risk Management
 Further details on the components of our governance structure are provided in our Corporate 
Governance Overview Statement on page 103, Governance & Audit Committee Report on pages 
112 to 117 and Risk Management Committee Report on page 126.
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management Governance 
Structure 
Our risk management structure 
encapsulates the governance 
arrangements on risk management 
and assigns responsibility to the 
relevant levels of Management and 
operations. 
Board of Directors
Risk Management 
Committee
Group Risk 
Management
Governance & Audit 
Committee
Group Integrity, 
Governance & 
Assurance
Group Managing Director
Plantation Leadership Committee (Risk Owners)
Accountable and responsible for effective risk 
identification & management
Risk Champions
Respective Business Units/ Support Functions 
have nominated Risk Champions who will support 
the Risk Owners on risk management matters
Respective Business Units/ Support Functions
1st Line of Defence
Board of Directors Responsible for the establishment, oversight and monitoring of the Group Risk Management Framework (GRMF) 
and reviewing its effectiveness in supporting SD Plantation’s vision and strategic objectives while safeguarding 
shareholders’ investments and SD Plantation’s assets.
Risk Management 
Committee (RMC)
Assists the Board in providing the framework and guidance to business units to operate, identify and report on 
Group-wide risks. The RMC has a broad mandate to ensure the effective implementation of the GRMF and 
compliance with the framework across the Group. The RMC is also responsible for periodically reporting material 
risk exposures and the progress and assessment of risk management activities to the Board.
Group Risk 
Management (GRM)
Responsible for supporting the Board and RMC in overseeing risk management activities including the 
establishment, updates to and oversight of the GRMF in the Group. GRM integrates risk management into key 
business processes through a formal risk management process to facilitate effective decision-making while 
embedding risk awareness into the organisational culture. GRM functions by working in close partnership with 
business units to provide expertise and support, at the same time monitoring and challenging risk-related matters 
to achieve organisational objectives. While the identification and management of risks ultimately sit with the risk 
owners/managers, GRM provides advice and facilitates the process.
 For further details on the activities of the RMC and GRM, refer to the RMC Report on page 126.
2nd & 3 rd Lines
of Defence
Integrated Report 2023 page 127
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 130 ----
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
Group 
Managing 
Director 
(GMD) and 
Plantation 
Leadership 
Committee 
(PLC)
The Board delegates to the GMD the responsibility for ensuring the effective implementation, maintenance and 
adherence of the GRMF throughout the Group. The PLC assists the GMD in ensuring risk management is 
adequately carried out, particularly in evaluating and making key strategic and operational decisions. The GMD 
and PLC are responsible for providing leadership and sponsorship to the business operations in the 
implementation of the GRMF and utilising risk thinking for key decision-making and strategic planning 
exercises.
Risk Owners 
and Risk 
Champions
Heads of business units/support functions are the designated Risk Owners responsible for all risk management 
activities within their spheres of operation. Risk Champions assist the Risk Owners in fulfilling their risk 
management responsibilities and work with GRM on risk management activities. These include ensuring the 
timely identification/updating of risks, controls, issues and action plans within their own units/projects and 
escalating risks in their units to their respective heads (Risk Owners) and GRM.
Group Risk Management Framework 
Risk management is part of the organisation’s structure, processes, objectives, strategies and activities. Our GRMF promotes three 
facets of risk management as depicted in the diagram below: 
Principles (clause 4)
Continual 
Improvement Integrated
Structured and 
Comprehensive
Customised
InclusiveDynamic
Best 
Available 
Information
Human and 
Cultural 
Factors
Value Creation 
and Protection
Framework (clause 5)
Integration
Design
Implementation
Evaluation
Leadership and 
Commitment
Improvement
Process (clause 6)
Scope, Context, Criteria
RISK ASSESSMENT
Risk Identification
Risk Analysis
Risk Evaluation
RISK TREATMENT
Recording 
& Reporting
Communication & Consultation
Monitoring & Review
Sime Darby Plantation  page 128
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 131 ----
SD Plantation’s GRMF is aligned with the 
ISO 31000:2018 standard on risk 
management and COSO 2017 Enterprise 
Risk Management-Integrating with 
Strategy and Performance. This clearly 
underscores our commitment towards 
enterprise risk management in strategic 
planning and our will to embed risk 
management throughout the organisation 
as part of value creation and protection. 
This is demonstrated in the linking of key 
enterprise risks to SD Plantation’s 
strategy pillars as shown on page 48 .
The primary goal of the GRMF is to 
identify, evaluate and manage risks that 
may impede the achievement of the 
Group’s long-term and short-term 
strategies and objectives. Our approach 
to risk management is aimed at 
embedding risk awareness in all decision-
making and realising our commitment to 
managing risks proactively and 
effectively. This includes identifying and 
evaluating threats and opportunities 
early, managing and preventing threats 
before they materialise, and responding 
effectively if they do, as well as actively 
pursuing opportunities to capture value 
within agreed risk tolerances. Our 
process for identifying, evaluating and 
managing material business risks is 
designed to manage rather than eliminate 
threats where appropriate, and accepting 
a degree of risk to generate returns. 
The GRMF involves the identification of 
risk and mitigating measures in both 
strategy-setting and driving performance. 
Our integrated approach is two pronged, 
i.e. a top-down strategic view which is 
complemented by bottom-up operational 
risk assessments, while taking cognisance 
of the external environment in which we 
operate. These risk assessments are 
complemented by deep dives in key risk 
areas, strategic country risk analyses and 
fortnightly risk outlooks as well as risk 
assessments for key projects and 
investments undertaken by the Group. 
The objective is to proactively anticipate 
and mitigate risk events while facilitating 
the understanding and management of 
risks at various levels of the business. As 
stated in our GRMF, risk management 
comprises the following steps:
Communication & Consultation
Scope, Context, Criteria
Risk Assessment
Risk Identification
Risk Analysis
Risk Evaluation
Risk Treatment
Recording & Reporting
Monitoring & Review
The role of leaders and their responsibilities are emphasised in the GRMF to ensure 
that risk management is an essential part of the business. The responsibility for 
identifying, evaluating and managing risks lies with all employees and business leaders 
who operate within the Group-wide framework, to manage risks within approved 
limits, guided by approved risk appetite statements. In pursuit of our strategic 
objectives, it is imperative to balance the risks with the potential for growth to ensure 
the rewards are commensurate with the associated risks.  
Risk Appetite 
Risk appetite refers to the amount of risk that an organisation is prepared to accept in 
pursuit of its strategic objectives. At SD Plantation, a risk appetite framework has 
been established to provide guidance on how we conduct business to achieve business 
objectives within the boundaries of the Group’s risk appetite, business ethics and 
good governance. Consideration of risk and what is an acceptable level of risk is part 
of the Group’s strategy-setting and decision-making process. When the Group decides 
on our objectives and strategic goals, we also consider the risks involved and our 
appetite for such risks, as a basis for making those decisions.  
Risk Appetite Framework
Provide guidance on how we conduct business to achieve business objectives within 
the boundaries of the Group’s risk appetite, business ethics and good governance.
SD Plantation’s approach to risk appetite is explicitly defined via various Board 
approved/endorsed documents for example:
• Strategy blueprints
• Investment guidelines
• Limits of Authority
• Group Policies & Procedures
• Group Procurement Policies & Procedures
• Risk Parameters (likelihood and impact)
• Code of Business Conduct
• Responsible Agricultural Charter (RAC)
• Human Rights Charter (HRC)
• Responsible Sourcing Guidelines (RSG)
• Responsible Recruitment Procedure (RRP)
Integrated Report 2023 page 129
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 132 ----
The Group’s risk appetite statements have been developed 
in alignment with the risk appetite framework, and approved 
by the Board via the RMC. Refer to page 47  for more 
details on the Group’s risk appetite statements.
Risk Reporting 
The GRMF provides for consistent review and reporting. On 
a quarterly basis, formal risk reports are developed and 
presented to the PLC and RMC. Any potential risks 
identified are escalated as appropriate, with mitigation 
actions put in place to manage them. Significant risks 
affecting the business as well as periodic external and 
emerging risk outlooks are presented to the RMC. 
Additionally, due to the evolving nature of risk events in our 
external environment, a fortnightly newsletter on key 
external and emerging risks is circulated to the Board and 
Management. 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
SD Plantation’s Business Continuity Framework 
Group Business Continuity Framework 
Our Business Continuity Framework is aligned with the ISO 
22301:2019 standard on business continuity management 
systems. It covers an end-to-end guidance on managing 
crises with the following main objectives:
• to safeguard life, property, environment and corporate 
reputation;
• to minimise the loss of assets and revenue, and the impact 
on customers;
• to continue providing products and services during adverse 
conditions; and
• to facilitate the timely recovery of critical business functions.
The Group is committed to safeguarding the interests of all stakeholders in times of disaster and/or emergency. This entails 
the implementation of business continuity processes in ensuring the Group can continue to operate with minimal impact on 
stakeholders in the event of a crisis or disruption.
INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK 
At SD Plantation, the following key controls are implemented to assist the Board in maintaining a sound system of internal 
controls within the Group.
Policy Instruments 
Our policy instruments refer to the following policies, procedures and guidelines which serve as the backbone for achieving 
best practices and streamlining internal processes.
Process Emergency and Crisis Management Recovery and Restoration Management
Document
Emergency Preparedness 
and Response (EPR) 
Procedures
Disaster Recovery 
Plan (DRP)
Crisis Communications 
Plan (CCP)
Business Continuity 
Plan (BCP)
Nature of 
Document
Documents procedures 
to manage potential and 
actual emergency 
situations with 
Environment, Safety and 
Health implications
Documents procedures 
to recover and protect 
business IT infrastructure 
to support business 
operations
Documents procedures 
to manage 
communications when a 
crisis is imminent or has 
happened
Documents 
procedures to 
recover and restore 
business operations 
to normality
Objective of 
Document
Safety and health of 
people are maintained
IT applications/
data protected
Communications occur 
effectively
People relocation and 
resume operation 
effectively
Sime Darby Plantation  page 130
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 133 ----
All policy instruments are reviewed and revised, as appropriate, on a periodic basis to ensure relevance to the current operating 
environment and to reflect the intended practices. To enhance employees’ understanding and awareness of their obligations within 
the Group’s governance framework, these policy instruments are accessible on the Group intranet and socialised via online briefings 
and announcements in infographics.
Code of Business Conduct 
Our Code of Business Conduct (COBC) is made available in all key languages in the jurisdictions within which the Group operates 
and continues to guide our employees on the standards of behaviour expected of them in upholding the Group’s Core Values of 
Integrity, Respect & Responsibility, Enterprise and Excellence.   
Integrity Respect & Responsibility Enterprise Excellence
Board Charter
Terms of Reference of 
the respective Board 
Committee
Policies, procedures
and guidelines
Group Policies & 
Authorities (GPAs)
Sets out the Board’s strategic intent and outlines the Board’s roles and powers which it reserves for 
itself, and those which it delegates to the Management.
Set the tone of the various Board Committees on their purpose, scope, responsibility and 
accountability.
Support the achievement of the principles stipulated in the GPAs, all of which are mandatory for 
Directors and employees of the Group.
Define the lines of responsibility, accountability and authority limits, and represent a formal 
delegation of the Board’s powers and functions to the Management. The GPAs are designed to 
empower Management to achieve business objectives within the boundaries of business ethics and 
governance, and cover functional policies, ethics and conduct, protection of Group assets, key 
processes and limits of authority.
The COBC is accessible on the Group’s corporate website and intranet and our understanding among employees is enforced via a 
combination of physical and online briefings as well as collaterals, quizzes, surveys and infographics. All Directors and employees 
are required to sign an attestation to acknowledge compliance with the COBC and their understanding of the rules, principles and 
policies that are outlined in the COBC. 
Business Planning and Reporting 
Our annual business planning process entails a review of the Group’s strategy and the presentation of our findings, outcomes and 
new proposals to the Management and Board on a periodic basis. In addition, the Group Strategy Blueprint, which is reviewed 
every five years, charts SD Plantation’s business direction, objectives, strategies, action plans and the corresponding Group Budget. 
Both the Group Strategy Blueprint and the Group Budget are subjected to rigorous deliberation by key stakeholders prior to 
approval by the Board. Performance is monitored on a periodic basis by the Board and Management, and corrective actions are 
taken to address deviation from plans. 
Human Capital 
Performance Management 
In realising SD Plantation’s vision of becoming a leading organisation, the Group’s Performance Management Framework drives 
employee motivation by identifying and rewarding top performers and improving the objectivity of performance evaluation. The 
resulting KPIs are aligned across businesses, functions and levels as the Group strives towards a shared goal of driving business 
objectives, while strongly upholding core governance principles. 
People Development 
For further details on the people development activities of the Group, refer to the Sustainability Report on page 34 .
 
Integrated Report 2023 page 131
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 134 ----
Compliance 
Internal Audit
Our internal audits provide independent, objective and risk-
based assurance and consulting services designed to add value 
and improve the Group’s operations by assessing whether risk 
management, control and governance processes are designed 
and implemented sustainably and effectively. Where control 
limitations are noted, corrective actions are proposed for 
Management’s consideration and thereafter monitored for 
implementation. The implementation of data analytics and 
continuous control monitoring harness the potential of real-time 
auditing towards improving the control environment. 
Control Self-Assessment
Our Control Self-Assessment (CSA) process accords line 
Management with full responsibility and accountability over 
effective risk management and controls implementation within 
their operations, and subsequently provides the avenue to 
deliberate and agree on control enhancements.  
Fraud & Corruption Risk Management  
Our Fraud & Corruption Risk Management function detects 
and responds to fraud and corruption incidents or risks by 
conducting special and investigative reviews at the request 
of the Governance & Audit Committee or the Management. 
It also acts upon complaints formally received through the 
whistleblowing and grievance channels, as well as any red 
flag which is identified through other forms of review. The 
implementation of fraud and corruption risk assessment, as 
well as fraud and corruption detection strategies help to 
minimise the incidence of fraud and corruption within the 
Group. 
Anti-Corruption
SD Plantation first obtained the ISO 37001:2016 Anti-Bribery 
Management System certification in October 2020 as a 
testament to our unwavering commitment to combat 
corruption. The subsequent recertification in September 2023, 
marked by the absence of any non-conformance reports, 
underscores our steadfast dedication to anti-corruption efforts. 
To complement our ISO 37001:2016 Anti-Bribery Management 
System certification, SD Plantation has also satisfied the 
requirements of the Corporate Integrity System Malaysia (CISM) 
Framework for private companies in Malaysia.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
Key principles from both the ISO 37001:2016 Anti-Bribery 
Management System and CISM Framework are encapsulated 
within our Anti-Corruption Compliance Framework which takes 
cognisance of the Group’s global operating footprint. Where 
applicable, these requirements are extended to our 
counterparties and business partners in ensuring that anti-
corruption and bribery initiatives are applied throughout our 
supply chain to promote a corruption-free business 
environment. The Group’s firm commitment to combatting 
corruption is made known publicly via the Anti-Corruption 
Policy Statement on the corporate website. 
Conflict of Interest
The Group Conflict of Interest Guidelines sets out the 
procedures to manage conflicts of interest relating to Directors 
and employees, thus ensuring that all business decisions are 
made in the best interests of the Group and in compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations. 
Whistleblowing
SD Plantation’s whistleblowing process embodies the Group’s 
commitment to maintaining an open and supportive working 
environment in which stakeholders are able to report instances 
of wrongdoing on the part of any of our Directors, 
Management, employees and/or vendors confidentially, without 
fear of retaliation. All reports made in good faith are 
investigated, regardless of the length of service, position/title, 
relationship or connection of the alleged parties with the 
Group. The whistleblowing complaints can be lodged via various 
channels (website, e-mail, telephone, WhatsApp, postal service) 
throughout our global operations, and are managed via an 
independent function to ensure the transparency and 
confidentiality of the process. 
The whistleblowing channels complements an established 
third-party grievance channel for workers to report issues 
ranging from their working conditions, recruitment and safety 
to other issues in line with our Human Rights Charter.
   For further details on our grievance channels, refer to the Sustainability 
Report on page 32.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 132
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 135 ----
SD Plantation's Vendor Code of Business Conduct (VCOBC) 
outlines standards for vendor behaviour in areas such as 
labour and human rights, sustainability, health, safety, 
environment, ethics and management practices. Vendors 
seeking to do business with the Group are required to sign 
the Vendor Integrity Pledge, affirming compliance with the 
VCOBC, laws and regulations, and a commitment against 
bribery, corruption and fraud. A registration and pre-
qualification process is mandatory to be listed on the 
Group's Vendor List, with additional evaluations assessing 
technical capabilities. Ongoing performance assessments 
ensure vendors meet the Group's business needs. 
Code of Business 
Conduct
Group Policies & 
Authorities: 
Procurement
Group Procurement 
Policies & Authorities
Vendor Code of 
Business Conduct 
(VCOBC)
Vendor Integrity 
Pledge
Procurement Governance
Vendor Management 
Robust procurement governance plays a pivotal role in SD Plantation’s pursuit of operational excellence. This is achieved by 
adhering to the Group’s procurement principles and established policies and procedures. SD Plantation extends this commitment by 
collaborating with vendors. This ensures the alignment of the Group’s values and principles across all facets of our business 
operations, as illustrated in the procurement governance landscape below:
Communication and Reporting
Relevant policies and procedures on stakeholder 
engagement ensure that we proactively engage and 
effectively manage the dissemination of information to key 
stakeholders of the Group. Disclosures, which include 
quarterly and annual financial statements, announcements 
made to Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Securities) 
and corporate presentations, are made in accordance with 
regulatory requirements and are published on our website in 
a timely manner. 
Value Creation 
& Operation 
Excellence
Selection & 
Sourcing
Tender & 
Contract
Vendor 
Performance & 
Relationship 
Management
Vendor 
Registration & 
Pre-Qualification
End User’s 
Business Needs
Integrated Report 2023 page 133
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 136 ----
Cybersecurity  
The Group maintains our cybersecurity hygiene by managing 
cybersecurity risks to safeguard data privacy and cyber 
threat prevention. Key activities include:
•  implementing enterprise cybersecurity technologies, tools 
and processes throughout the Group to mitigate the 
impact of external and internal cyber threats;
•  conducting periodic reviews, updates and assessments of 
policies and procedures to ensure these remain current 
with the evolving cybersecurity landscape and threats; 
and
•  ensuring employees receive cybersecurity education via 
periodic training, newsletters, surveys and security alerts, 
as well as participation in cybersecurity campaigns, tests 
and initiatives.
Digital Transformation
SD Plantation remains committed to digitalisation and 
automation as these are key to increasing operational 
efficiency and improving productivity, and to our Group’s 
transformation into a digitally-ready future-focussed 
company. The Group is making steady progress with 
accelerating our mechanisation initiatives and introducing 
robotics in our upstream operations as we look to increase 
productivity and reduce our dependence on manual and 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
foreign labour. Digital efforts to improve the customer 
experience and increase efficiencies in our refining 
operations also continue through process improvements and 
automation. The Group is making significant efforts to 
strengthen our enterprise systems and build a digital culture 
to further boost this transformation. It is imperative that we 
prepare our employees for a digital future, hence we have 
doubled our efforts to upskill our talent on data analytics 
and AI through the creation of our own internal Digital 
Academy. Such efforts are meant to evolve in tandem with 
technology and will keep our Group apace with changes and 
opportunities that arise in our operating environment.
  For further details on our digital initiatives, refer to the Business Review 
Section on pages 68 to 85.
Sustainability
Our sustainability purpose is to contribute to a better society, 
minimise environmental harm and deliver sustainable 
development. All our efforts around sustainability are guided by 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). 
All employees are accountable for ensuring that responsible and 
ethical practices are adopted in our operational and decision-
making processes.
Our sustainability purpose also aims to address a wide range of 
stakeholder expectations and concerns over issues including 
climate change, conservation and biodiversity, human rights and 
labour practices, responsible sourcing, safety & health and 
smallholder inclusion in our supply chain.
Responsible Agriculture 
Our Responsible Agriculture Charter articulates our commitment 
to no-deforestation, no-new development on peat, and no-
exploitation of the rights of indigenous peoples, workers and 
local communities.
Human Rights 
Our Human Rights Charter articulates our responsibility to 
respect, support and uphold fundamental human rights as 
expressed in various documents, including the Universal 
Declaration for Human Rights and the United Nations Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights. This also includes our 
commitment to providing a safe and healthy working 
environment for workers in all our operations.
Supply Chain Sustainability 
Our Responsible Sourcing Guideline extends our sustainability 
commitments throughout our supply chain. We are also guided 
Technology 
Information Systems 
Our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system enables 
transactions to be captured, compiled, analysed and 
reported in a timely and accurate manner. This is in line with 
the need to maintain a secure, effective and reliable IT 
environment to support the Group’s business operations. In 
this regard, information systems in the Group are automated 
and provide Management with data, analysis, variations, 
exceptions and other inputs relevant to the Group’s 
performance.  
The information system platform in the Group also operates 
based on a set of IT policies and procedures intended to 
protect the usage of the Group’s information and resources. 
These include IT governance and authority, information 
security policies, identity and access management standards, 
project management framework, service management, and 
guidelines on the usage of computer facilities. 
Sime Darby Plantation  page 134
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 137 ----
by our policy statement on Working with Our Suppliers to Draw 
the Line on Deforestation, which articulates our approach to 
engaging with our suppliers to meet the No Deforestation, No 
Peat and No Exploitation (NDPE) standards.
  For further details on our sustainability practices, refer to the Sustainability 
Statement on pages 86 to 93.
Material Joint Ventures and Associates  
The disclosures in this statement exclude the risk management 
and internal control practices of the Group’s joint ventures and 
associates. The Group’s interests in these entities are 
safeguarded through the appointment of members of the 
Group’s Senior Management team to the relevant boards of 
directors and, in certain cases, the management or operational 
committees of these entities.
Review of the Statement by the External Auditors 
As per Paragraph 15.23 of the Main Market Listing 
Requirements (MMLR) of Bursa Securities, the external auditors 
have reviewed this Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control (SORMIC). Their limited assurance review was 
performed in accordance with the Audit and Assurance Practice 
Guide (AAPG) 3 (Revised: November 2022) issued by the 
Malaysian Institute of Accountants. The AAPG 3 (Revised) does 
not require the external auditors to consider whether the 
SORMIC covers all risks and controls, or to form an opinion on 
the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s risk management 
and internal control systems including the assessment and 
opinion by the Board of Directors and the Management 
thereon. 
Conclusion 
For the financial year under review and up to the date of 
approval of this statement, the Board is satisfied with the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s system of risk 
management and internal control to safeguard shareholders’ 
investments and the Group’s assets.
 
The Board has received reasonable assurance from the GMD and 
the Chief Financial Officer that the Group’s risk management 
and internal control systems, in all material aspects, are 
operating adequately and effectively. This statement is made in 
compliance with Paragraph 15.26(b) of the MMLR of Bursa 
Securities and Principle B of the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance 2021 issued by the Securities Commission Malaysia, 
and guided by the Statement on Risk Management & Internal 
Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers. 
This statement is made in accordance with a resolution of the 
Board dated 23 April 2024.
Integrated Report 2023 page 135
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 138 ----
Statement of Responsibility by  
the Board of Directors
The Directors are responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair presentation of the annual financial statements of the Sime 
Darby Plantation Berhad Group. As required by the Companies Act 2016 and the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad, the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, as presented on pages 138 to 
267, have been prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting 
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016. 
The Directors consider that in preparing the financial statements, the Group and the Company have used the appropriate accounting 
policies, consistently applied and supported by reasonable judgements and estimates. The Directors are satisfied that the 
information contained in the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the 
Company as at 31 December 2023 and of the financial performance and cash flows for the financial year.
The Directors have responsibility for ensuring that proper accounting records are kept. The accounting records should disclose with 
reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Group and the Company to enable the Directors to ensure that the financial 
statements comply with the Companies Act 2016. The Directors have the general responsibility for taking such steps that are 
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. 
This statement is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 23 April 2024.
BOARD APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 are set out on pages 138 to 267. The preparation 
thereof was supervised by the Chief Financial Officer and approved by the Board of Directors on 23 April 2024.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 136
Key Messages
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
4-13

---- Page 139 ----
Additional Compliance Information
Information pertaining to Sime Darby Plantation Berhad (the Company) and the Group for the financial year under review is as 
follows:  
UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS RAISED FROM CORPORATE PROPOSAL 
No proceeds were raised from corporate proposals during the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
(i)  The amount of audit fees paid or payable to the external auditors, Messrs PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (PwC), and their 
affiliated companies for services rendered to the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 totalled RM14 million. 
The amount paid or payable to PwC for services rendered to the Company totalled RM2 million.
(ii)  The amount of non-audit fees paid or payable to the external auditors, PwC, and their affiliated companies for services 
rendered to the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to RM3 million and RM1 
million, respectively.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS INVOLVING INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
No material contracts were entered into by the Company or our subsidiaries involving interests of Directors and/or major 
shareholders during the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF A REVENUE OR TRADING NATURE 
The Group has established appropriate procedures to ensure that all Related Party Transactions (RPTs) and recurrent RPTs are 
tracked and recorded in compliance with the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. Reports on 
RPTs and recurrent RPTs are submitted to the Governance & Audit Committee on a quarterly basis for monitoring purposes. 
The Company did not seek the approval of our shareholders on any mandate for our recurrent RPTs during the financial year ended 
31 December 2023. 
Integrated Report 2023 page 137
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 140 ----
The Directors have pleasure in presenting the Directors’ Report (“Report”) together with the audited financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activities of the Company consist of the production, processing, refining and sales of palm oil and palm kernel oil, manufacturing and marketing 
of specialty fats and edible oils, rubber, and other palm oil related products and investment holding.
The principal activities of the Group consist of the production, processing, refining and sales of palm oil and palm kernel oil, manufacturing and blending, 
marketing and distribution of specialty fats, edible oils, rubber, coconut oil and other palm oil related products, production and sales of sugar and beef, and 
the involvement in other agriculture related business as disclosed in Note 48 to the financial statements.
There was no significant change in the nature of these activities during the financial year.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
GROUP
RM’000
COMPANY
RM’000
Profit before tax 2,752,455 2,156,049
Tax expense (719,076) (194,227)
Profit for the financial year 2,033,379 1,961,822
Profit for the financial year attributable to:
– equity holders of the Company 1,860,040 1,837,522
– Perpetual Sukuk holders 124,300 124,300
– non-controlling interests 49,039 –
2,033,379 1,961,822
DIVIDENDS
Since the end of the previous financial year, the Company has paid the following dividends:
RM’000
In respect of financial year ended 31 December 2022:
– Final dividend of 6.04 sen per share, paid in cash on 15 May 2023 417,709
In respect of financial year ended 31 December 2023:
– Interim dividend of 3.25 sen per share, paid in cash on 17 November 2023 224,761
– Special dividend of 5.70 sen per share, declared on 27 October 2023, and paid in cash on 24 January 2024 394,196
1,036,666
A final dividend of 6.05 sen per ordinary share, amounting to RM418.4 million in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 has been declared on 
22 February 2024 and will be paid on 20 May 2024. The entitlement date for the dividend payment is 6 May 2024.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 138
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13
Directors’ Report
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 141 ----
RESERVES AND PROVISIONS
All material transfers to or from reserves and provisions during the financial year are shown in the financial statements.
SHARE CAPITAL, PERPETUAL SUKUK AND DEBENTURES
There was no issuance, cancellation, repurchase, resale and repayment of debt and equity securities during the financial year.
DIRECTORS
The Directors in office during the financial year and during the period from the end of the financial year to the date of this Report are:
Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani Nik Hassan Thani
Datuk Mohamad Helmy Othman Basha
Dato’ Halipah Esa
Dato’ Mohd Nizam Zainordin
Datuk Mohd Anwar Yahya
Dato’ Idris Kechot
Dato’ Sri Sharifah Sofianny Syed Hussain
Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa @ Mustafa (Appointed on 23 August 2023)
Jenifer Thien Bit Leong  (Appointed on 22 December 2023)
Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad (Appointed on 5 February 2024)
Ahmad Faiz Ahmad Shahrudin  (Appointed on 23 August 2023)
(Alternate Director to Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa @ Mustafa)
Tunku Alizakri Raja Muhammad Alias  (Resigned on 16 February 2023)
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Haji Megat Najmuddin Datuk Seri Dr Haji Megat Khas  (Retired on 15 June 2023)
Tan Ting Min  (Resigned on 15 June 2023)
Datuk Seri Amir Hamzah Azizan   (Appointed on 17 February 2023 and resigned on 12 December 2023)
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
Total Directors’ remuneration incurred by the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 were RM10.4 million  
(2022: RM13.3 million) and RM9.9 million (2022: RM12.8 million) respectively. Further details are disclosed in Note 11 to the financial statements.
DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS
During and at the end of the financial year, no arrangement subsisted to which the Company is a party, with the object or objects of enabling Directors of the 
Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, as disclosed in Directors’ 
Interests in Shares.
Since the end of the previous financial year, no Director has received or become entitled to receive a benefit (other than benefits disclosed as Directors’ 
remuneration in Note 11 to the financial statements) by reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with the Director or with a firm 
of which he or she is a member, or with a company in which he or she has a substantial financial interest except for any benefits which may be deemed to 
have arisen from the transactions disclosed in Note 11 to the financial statements.
The Directors and officers of the Group and of the Company are covered by Directors and Officers liability insurance for any liability incurred in the discharge 
of their duties, provided that they have not acted fraudulently or dishonestly or derived any personal profit or advantage. The total insurance premium paid 
for the financial year amounted to RM0.4 million.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES
According to the Register of Directors’ Shareholdings required to be kept under Section 59 of the Companies Act 2016, no Director in office at the end of 
the financial year has any interest in shares in, or debentures of, the Company or its related corporations during the financial year.
Integrated Report 2023 page 139
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 142 ----
STATUTORY INFORMATION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(a) Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were prepared, the Directors took reasonable steps:
(i) to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the impairment for doubtful debts, and satisfied 
themselves that all known bad debts had been written off and adequate impairment had been made for doubtful debts; and
(ii) to ensure that any current assets, which were unlikely to realise in the ordinary course of business, their values of current assets as shown in the 
accounting records of the Group and of the Company, have been written down to amounts which they might be expected to realise.
(b) At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances:
(i) which would render the amount written off for bad debts or the amount of the impairment for doubtful debts in the financial statements of the 
Group and of the Company inadequate to any substantial extent;
(ii) which would render the values attributed to current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company misleading; or
(iii) which have arisen which render adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the Company misleading 
or inappropriate.
(c) As at the date of this Report:
(i) there are no charges on the assets of the Group or of the Company which have arisen since the end of the financial year to secure the liability of 
any other person; and
(ii) there are no contingent liabilities in the Group or in the Company which have arisen since the end of the financial year other than those arising in 
the ordinary course of business.
(d) At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt within the Report or financial statements which would 
render any amount stated in the financial statements misleading.
(e) In the opinion of the Directors:
(i) the results of the operations of the Group and the Company during the financial year were not substantially affected by any item, transactions or 
events of a material and unusual nature;
(ii) no contingent or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the period of twelve months after the end of 
the financial year which will or may substantially affect the ability of the Group and of the Company to meet their obligations as and when they 
fall due; and
(iii) no item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature has arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this 
Report which is likely to affect substantially the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this 
Report is made.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 140
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Directors’ Report
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 143 ----
LIST OF DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
Pursuant to Section 253 of the Companies Act 2016, the list of Directors of the subsidiaries during the financial year and up to the date of this Report is as 
follows (excluding Directors who are also Directors of the Company):
Abdul Jalil Sulaiman
Achmad Sudarsono
Adi Wira Abd Razak 
Adrian Mohd Fazrin Bin Mohd Fairoz 
Agus Dani Ariyanto 
Ainor Khaliq Anuarudin 
Alagendran Maniam 
Amir Hamzah 
Ary Tri Prasetyo 
Asanee Mallamphut 
Azmi Jaafar 
Bambang Purwono 
Budi Darmono 
Budy Suyanto 
Burhan Chahyadi 
Chen Kim Yin @ Chen Chou Foong 
Chim Foong May 
Dali Kumar Sardar 
Dato’ Philip Tan Puay Koon 
Datuk Franki Anthony Dass 
Datuk Haji Abang Abdul Wahap Haji Abang Julai 
(Alternate Director to Tan Sri Datuk Amar (Dr) 
Haji Abdul Aziz Dato Haji Husain) 
Datuk Mohamad Nageeb Ahmad Abdul Wahab
David Manoa Toua 
Denny Wicaksana 
Dr David Ross Appleton 
Dr Hirzun Mohd Yusof 
Dr K. Harikrishna Dr K. Kulaveerasingam 
Dr Shariman Alwani Mohamed Nordin 
Drs. Jakob Tobing MPA 
Edi Febriyanto 
Edy Suparno 
Eliam Tangirongo 
Ernie Gangloff 
Ery Revlisa 
Farid 
Fazli Salikin 
Gajani Nayagi Seeveneserajah 
Ganesan R. Ampalavanar 
Godfrey Shiletikwa Urasa 
Hanif Siraf 
Hersoebeno Brotowinoto 
lmran Ramli 
Indro Respati 
Ir Mohd Yusrizal Mohd Yusof 
Ir Safwani 
Jonathan Pennefather 
Khaizarudin Awaludin 
Khusboo Beeharry 
Lakon Anak lgey 
Law Pei Yee 
Lee Ai Leng 
Lee Chong Yee 
Lim Ban Yeow 
Lisnawati Ibrahim 
Loi Martin Bakani 
Marie-Claude Priscille Koenig 
Martine Cundasawmy 
Mazrina Ahmad Zahidi  
(Alternate Director to Chen Kim Yin @ Chen 
Chou Foong) 
Mersal Abang Rosli 
Michael Barkhuysen 
Michelle Chang Yuet Ling 
Mitsuyoshi Okita  
(Alternate Director to Shogo Yoshida)
Mohamad Fauzi Maulana lchsan
Mohamed Abd Samad 
Mohammad Japri Giman 
Mohd Amri Baharuddin 
Mohd Azlan Shah Mohd Zin 
Mohd Hafiz Hamzah 
Mohd Hamdi Abd Karim 
Mohd Haris Mohd Arshad 
Mohd Haziq Jamaludin 
Mohd Razlan Mohd Rahim 
Mohd Zamri Pardi 
Muhammad Farid Abdullah
Muhammad Hakim See Abdullah
Muhammad Nizar Arshad
Muhammad Nuryadi 
Muhammud Nurazli Razali 
Ng Say Guat 
Nik Abdul Hamid Shukri Nik Abdullah
Nik Maziah Nik Mustapha 
Nono Suharsono 
Noor Azam Bin Mohd Nasir 
Noor Haizal Noordin 
Nuchanand Sukmongkol 
Nurain Zarrataj Zulkiffli 
Nurwanto 
Philip KO Kunjappy 
R Krishna Moorthy Ramasamy
Raphael Yuen Kong Yian 
Rashyid Redza Anwarudin
Razlanshah Abd Malek 
Renaka Ramachandran 
Robert Anak Tugang 
Robert Nilkare 
Roslin Azmy Hassan 
Rozli Alwi 
Ruari MacWilliam 
Sallim Abdul Kadir 
Sandeep Bhan 
Shah Nizam Yasin Shah
Shahrakbah Yacob 
Shahrizal Suhainy 
Shahrizan Aini Shamsul Khalil
Shashi Kumar Rajan 
Shogo Yoshida 
Sri Marlina Md Ison
Suparmadi 
Supasak Chirasavinuprapand
Syed Said Syed Saggaf 
Tan Sri Datuk Amar (Dr) Haji Abdul Aziz Dato 
Haji Husain
Tan Sri Datuk Dr Yusof Basiran
Tang Men Kon 
Vavan Safwan lsman 
Wan Fauzan Shah Wan Ismail
Winardi Nooryanto 
Yogesh Kotak 
Yustinus Lambang Setyo Putro
Zulkifli Nasution 
Zulkifli Zainal Abidin 
Integrated Report 2023 page 141
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 144 ----
SUBSIDIARIES
Details of subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 48 to the financial statements.
IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANIES
The Directors regard Permodalan Nasional Berhad as its immediate holding company and Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra as its ultimate holding company. Both 
companies are incorporated in Malaysia.
AUDITORS
Total fees for statutory audits provided by the Company’s auditors and its member firms are RM13.7 million (2022: RM13.0 million), while total fees for 
assurance related and non-audit services are RM3.5 million (2022: RM4.1 million). Non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditors and its member 
firms comprised tax related services and other advisory services.
Further details of auditors’ remuneration are set out in Note 6 to the financial statements.
The Group and the Company do not indemnify the auditors of the Company for losses in the event of legal actions brought against the auditors for alleged 
wrongful acts by the auditors.
The auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146), have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment as auditors.
This Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 23 April 2024.
 
TAN SRI DR NIK NORZRUL THANI NIK HASSAN THANI  DATUK MOHAMAD HELMY OTHMAN BASHA
DIRECTOR DIRECTOR
Selangor
23 April 2024
Sime Darby Plantation  page 142
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Directors’ Report
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 145 ----
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Revenue 5 18,427,883 21,029,690 4,709,591 5,483,728
Operating expenses 6 (16,819,094) (18,346,328) (3,007,932) (4,780,650)
Other operating income 7 1,391,658 838,433 913,718 386,246
Other gains and losses 8 (113,028) 41,138 (170,624) (212,363)
Operating profit 2,887,419 3,562,933 2,444,753 876,961
Share of results of joint ventures 20(a) 39,239 37,116 – –
Share of results of associates 21(a) 645 14,547 – –
Profit before interest and tax 2,927,303 3,614,596 2,444,753 876,961
Finance income 9 22,696 12,303 32,207 16,267
Finance costs 10 (197,544) (134,699) (320,911) (139,420)
Profit before tax 2,752,455 3,492,200 2,156,049 753,808
Tax expense 12 (719,076) (808,930) (194,227) (97,284)
Profit for the financial year 2,033,379 2,683,270 1,961,822 656,524
Profit for the financial year attributable to:
– equity holders of the Company 1,860,040 2,488,075 1,837,522 532,224
– Perpetual Sukuk holders 34 124,300 124,300 124,300 124,300
– non-controlling interests 35 49,039 70,895 – –
2,033,379 2,683,270 1,961,822 656,524
sen sen
Basic/diluted earnings per share attributable to equity 
holders of the Company 13 26.90 35.98
Integrated Report 2023 page 143
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284
Statements of Profit or Loss
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 146 ----
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Profit for the financial year 2,033,379 2,683,270 1,961,822 656,524
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
loss:
Currency translation differences gains:
– subsidiaries 571,529 55,552 – –
– joint ventures and associates 15,939 4,395 – –
Cash flow hedge
– changes in fair value 97,896 20,593 – 1,726
– transfers (to)/from profit or loss (98,333) 163,620 – (2,164)
Tax (expense)/credit relating to components of other 
comprehensive income (23) (48,525) – 378
587,008 195,635 – (60)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit 
or loss:
Actuarial (losses)/gains on defined benefit plans 36 (13,883) 18,292 896 –
Investment at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (“FVOCI”)
– changes in fair value 23 617 (7,143) 629 (3,733)
Share of other comprehensive (losses)/income of joint 
ventures 20(a) (4,447) 23,962 – –
Tax credit/(expense) relating to components of other 
comprehensive income 2,391 (3,165) (215) –
(15,322) 31,946 1,310 (3,733)
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial 
year 571,686 227,581 1,310 (3,793)
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 2,605,065 2,910,851 1,963,132 652,731
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 
attributable to:
– equity holders of the Company 2,411,993 2,726,843 1,838,832 528,431
– Perpetual Sukuk holders 124,300 124,300 124,300 124,300
– non-controlling interests 68,772 59,708 – –
2,605,065 2,910,851 1,963,132 652,731
Sime Darby Plantation  page 144
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13
Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 147 ----
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 15 19,145,330 17,800,431 8,002,340 7,782,019
Investment properties 16 8,059 11,387 – –
Right-of-use assets 18 2,060,470 2,007,677 219,057 227,263
Subsidiaries 19 – – 8,444,192 8,444,621
Joint ventures 20 415,776 368,085 285,061 285,061
Associates 21 51,852 57,044 420 420
Intangible assets 22 3,054,722 2,946,591 2,080,567 2,066,618
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (“FVOCI”) 23 23,113 22,496 22,966 22,337
Deferred tax assets 24 442,922 495,945 – –
Tax recoverable 25 251,204 164,244 – –
Trade and other receivables 26 58,224 34,644 – –
Amounts due from subsidiaries 28 – – 123,178 508,398
25,511,672 23,908,544 19,177,781 19,336,737
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories 27 2,663,918 2,778,379 76,378 85,688
Biological assets 17 175,261 180,278 24,810 14,039
Trade and other receivables 26 2,207,514 2,602,639 104,049 135,982
Tax recoverable 25 298,085 234,967 96,925 75,080
Amounts due from subsidiaries 28 – – 996,184 562,481
Amounts due from related parties 28 124 424 79 320
Derivatives 29 33,639 156,898 – –
Bank balances, deposits and cash 30 830,382 634,993 100,700 105,772
6,208,923 6,588,578 1,399,125 979,362
Non-current assets held for sale 31 165,859 651,004 32,599 19,583
TOTAL ASSETS 31,886,454 31,148,126 20,609,505 20,335,682
Integrated Report 2023 page 145
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023

---- Page 148 ----
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
EQUITY
Share capital 32 1,633,790 1,633,790 1,633,790 1,633,790
Reserves 33 16,108,766 14,733,439 8,980,896 8,178,730
Attributable to equity holders of the Company 17,742,556 16,367,229 10,614,686 9,812,520
Perpetual Sukuk 34 2,231,058 2,230,717 2,231,058 2,230,717
Non-controlling interests 35 432,799 418,068 – –
TOTAL EQUITY 20,406,413 19,016,014 12,845,744 12,043,237
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Retirement benefits 36 190,715 157,773 48,929 50,629
Deferred income 38 427 490 – –
Deferred tax liabilities 24 2,653,814 2,737,983 688,013 691,659
Borrowings 37 3,581,686 3,632,687 3,058,770 3,137,395
Lease liabilities 193,967 147,395 – 5,664
Trade and other payables 40 56,697 42,695 29,544 34,837
6,677,306 6,719,023 3,825,256 3,920,184
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables 40 2,385,761 2,444,024 545,517 522,178
Contract liabilities 39 24,050 35,273 – –
Amounts due to subsidiaries 28 – – 1,897,629 2,247,622
Amounts due to related parties 28 13,677 9,886 6,951 6,328
Retirement benefits 36 20,208 15,303 – –
Lease liabilities 25,602 24,870 – 444
Tax payable 207,599 219,038 45,504 –
Derivatives 29 18,765 61,794 347 –
Dividend payable 394,196 – 394,196 –
Borrowings 37 1,700,617 2,463,801 1,048,361 1,595,689
4,790,475 5,273,989 3,938,505 4,372,261
Liabilities directly associated with  
non-current assets held for sale 31 12,260 139,100 – –
TOTAL LIABILITIES 11,480,041 12,132,112 7,763,761 8,292,445
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 31,886,454 31,148,126 20,609,505 20,335,682
Sime Darby Plantation  page 146
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 149 ----
Attributable to equity holders of the Company
Perpetual
Sukuk
RM’000
Non-
controlling
interests
RM’000
Total
equity
RM’000GROUP Note
Share
capital
RM’000
Reserves
RM’000
Retained
earnings
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 1 January 2023 1,633,790 737,142 13,996,297 16,367,229 2,230,717 418,068 19,016,014
Profit for the financial year – – 1,860,040 1,860,040 124,300 49,039 2,033,379
Other comprehensive income/
(loss) for the financial year – 590,737 (15,988) 574,749 – 19,733 594,482
Disposal of subsidiaries 31(c) – (22,796) – (22,796) – – (22,796)
Total comprehensive income 
for the financial year – 567,941 1,844,052 2,411,993 124,300 68,772 2,605,065
Transactions with equity 
holders:
– dividends 14,35 – – (1,036,666) (1,036,666) – (54,041) (1,090,707)
– distribution to Perpetual 
Sukuk holders 34 – – – – (123,959) – (123,959)
At 31 December 2023 1,633,790 1,305,083 14,803,683 17,742,556 2,231,058 432,799 20,406,413
At 1 January 2022 1,633,790 537,356 13,016,976 15,188,122 2,231,398 436,641 17,856,161
Profit for the financial year – – 2,488,075 2,488,075 124,300 70,895 2,683,270
Other comprehensive income/
(loss) for the financial year – 199,786 38,982 238,768 – (11,187) 227,581
Total comprehensive income 
for the financial year – 199,786 2,527,057 2,726,843 124,300 59,708 2,910,851
Transactions with equity 
holders:
– dividends 14,35 – – (1,547,736) (1,547,736) – (78,281) (1,626,017)
– distribution to Perpetual 
Sukuk holders 34 – – – – (124,981) – (124,981)
At 31 December 2022 1,633,790 737,142 13,996,297 16,367,229 2,230,717 418,068 19,016,014
Integrated Report 2023 page 147
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 150 ----
Attributable to equity holders of the Company
Perpetual
Sukuk
RM’000
Total
equity
RM’000COMPANY Note
Share
capital
RM’000
Reserves
RM’000
Retained
earnings
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 1 January 2023 1,633,790 21,175 8,157,555 9,812,520 2,230,717 12,043,237
Profit for the financial year – – 1,837,522 1,837,522 124,300 1,961,822
Other comprehensive income for the financial 
year – 629 681 1,310 – 1,310
Total comprehensive income for the financial 
year – 629 1,838,203 1,838,832 124,300 1,963,132
Transactions with equity holders:
– dividends 14 – – (1,036,666) (1,036,666) – (1,036,666)
– distribution to Perpetual Sukuk holders 34 – – – – (123,959) (123,959)
At 31 December 2023 1,633,790 21,804 8,959,092 10,614,686 2,231,058 12,845,744
At 1 January 2022 1,633,790 24,968 9,173,067 10,831,825 2,231,398 13,063,223
Profit for the financial year – – 532,224 532,224 124,300 656,524
Other comprehensive loss for the financial 
year – (3,793) – (3,793) – (3,793)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the 
financial year – (3,793) 532,224 528,431 124,300 652,731
Transactions with equity holders:
– dividends 14 – – (1,547,736) (1,547,736) – (1,547,736)
– distribution to Perpetual Sukuk holders 34 – – – – (124,981) (124,981)
At 31 December 2022 1,633,790 21,175 8,157,555 9,812,520 2,230,717 12,043,237
Sime Darby Plantation  page 148
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13
Company Statement of Changes in Equity
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 151 ----
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the financial year 2,033,379 2,683,270 1,961,822 656,524
Adjustments for:
Amortisation of intangible assets 6(a) 44,231 45,296 14,433 14,478
Depreciation of:
– property, plant and equipment 6(a) 1,304,167 1,248,672 273,128 275,006
– investment properties 6(a) 41 40 – –
– right-of-use assets 6(a) 83,592 78,533 2,452 2,643
Dividend income
– other investments 5(b) (3,544) (8,925) (3,544) (7,457)
– subsidiaries 5(b) – – (1,540,125) (700,503)
Finance costs 10 197,544 134,699 320,911 139,420
Finance income 9 (22,696) (12,303) (32,207) (16,267)
Unrealised fair value losses/(gains):
– commodities futures and forward contracts (non-
hedging derivative) 8 80,743 (116,033) – –
– forward foreign exchange contracts (non-hedging 
derivatives) 8 3,562 25,041 347 –
Fair value changes in biological assets (net) 6(e) 7,888 119,161 (10,771) 50,917
Gains on disposals of:
– property, plant and equipment 7 (75,856) (92,840) (75,398) (87,022)
– non-current assets held for sale 7 (1,092,896) (275,929) (802,270) (275,622)
– a former subsidiary 7 – (53,687) – –
Impairment of:
– property, plant and equipment 6(e) 28,805 6,224 28,181 3,431
– advances for plasma plantation projects 6(e) 881 4,124 – –
– trade and other receivables 6(e) 5,335 6,655 – –
– amounts due from subsidiaries 6(e) – – 7,778 3,841
– amounts due from joint ventures 6(e) – 7,664 – –
– investment in subsidiaries 19 – – 4,737 27,979
– investment in a joint venture 6(e) – 25,369 – 8,622
Write off of:
– property, plant and equipment 15 18,213 18,563 7,712 9,394
– inventories 6(e) 4,361 1,678 – –
– intangible assets 6(e) 854 – – –
– bad debts 6(e) – 640 – 6
Write-down of:
– right-of-use assets 6(e) – 49 – –
– inventories (net) 6(e) 5,988 8,668 7 1,080
Retirement benefits 6(d) 39,421 30,432 8,745 6,606
Reversal of impairment of:
– investment in a subsidiary 7 – – (2,772) (437)
– amounts due from subsidiaries 7 – – (11,938) (2,465)
– trade and other receivables 7 – (12) – –
Share of results of:
– joint ventures 20(a) (39,239) (37,116) – –
– associates 21(a) (645) (14,547) – –
Integrated Report 2023 page 149
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 152 ----
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
(CONTINUED)
Tax expense 12 719,076 808,930 194,227 97,284
Unrealised exchange losses/(gains) (net) 8 38,960 (77,192) (43,544) 173,321
3,382,165 4,565,124 301,911 380,779
Changes in working capital:
Inventories 242,996 (320,528) 9,303 (235,447)
Trade and other payables (133,611) 395,396 226,291 175,395
Trade and other receivables 609,882 327,760 31,939 (81,346)
Intercompany and related party balances 4,090 (9,393) 216,488 (183,041)
Cash generated from operations 4,105,522 4,958,359 785,932 56,340
Tax paid (1,087,109) (1,432,019) (57,272) (49,219)
Tax refunded 77,522 151,000 – –
Retirement benefits paid 36 (20,940) (32,908) (9,549) (8,611)
Net cash generated from operating activities 3,074,995 3,644,432 719,111 (1,490)
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Advances for plasma plantation projects(2,385) (3,586) – –
Repayment of advances for plasma plantation projects – 50,621 – –
Advances to subsidiaries – – (702,517) (146,794)
Repayment of advances to subsidiaries – – 630,239 22,755
Dividends received from:
– associates 8,926 3,521 – –
– other investments 5(b) 3,544 8,925 3,544 7,457
– joint ventures – 3,103 – –
– subsidiaries – – 1,414,843 666,154
Finance income received 22,696 12,303 26,844 10,977
Proceeds from sale of:
– property, plant and equipment 78,694 100,048 76,559 88,781
– non-current assets held for sale 1,387,318 284,709 816,064 284,709
– a former subsidiary – 53,687 – –
Purchase of:
– property, plant and equipment (2,096,470) (1,716,543) (524,367) (462,985)
– intangible assets 22 (32,150) (12,033) (29,236) (4,770)
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities (629,827) (1,215,245) 1,711,973 466,284
Sime Darby Plantation  page 150
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 153 ----
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Finance costs paid (325,445) (189,413) (257,006) (141,241)
Loans raised 7,277,127 4,749,430 5,079,335 2,498,531
Borrowing transaction cost paid (15,555) (4,555) (15,555) (4,555)
Loan repayments (8,305,794) (5,175,695) (5,848,529) (1,849,518)
Advances from subsidiaries – – 700,767 650,483
Repayment of advances from subsidiaries – – (1,336,196) (26,118)
Repayment of lease liabilities (53,980) (26,234) – (855)
Distribution to Perpetual Sukuk holders 34 (123,959) (124,981) (123,959) (124,981)
Dividend paid to shareholders (642,470) (1,547,736) (642,470) (1,547,736)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests of subsidiaries 35 (54,041) (78,281) – –
Net cash used in financing activities (2,244,117) (2,397,465) (2,443,613) (545,990)
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) CASH AND CASH 
EQUIVALENTS DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 201,051 31,722 (12,529) (81,196)
Exchange differences (5,662) 708 7,457 2,590
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR 634,993 602,563 105,772 184,378
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR 30 830,382 634,993 100,700 105,772
Integrated Report 2023 page 151
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 154 ----
NOTES TO STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(a) The principal non-cash transactions during the financial year included in the intercompany balances are as follows:
COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Dividend received through intercompany settlement – 41,749
Proceed from disposal of downstream operations – 436,345
Proceed from sales of subsidiaries – 56,389
(b) The net cash outflow for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment during the financial year is as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment during 
the financial year 15 2,280,562 1,823,286 565,089 489,884
Less non-cash items:
– Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
capitalised in bearer plants 6(c) (38,426) (36,384) (9,180) (9,162)
– Depreciation of right-of-use assets capitalised 
in bearer plants 6(c) (1,866) (1,773) (501) (311)
– Finance costs capitalised in capital work-in-
progress 10 (35,016) (31,590) (6,462) (3,185)
– Finance costs capitalised in bearer plants 10 (108,784) (36,996) (24,579) (14,241)
Net cash outflow for the acquisition of property, 
plant and equipment 2,096,470 1,716,543 524,367 462,985
Sime Darby Plantation  page 152
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 155 ----
NOTES TO STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
(c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
 A reconciliation between the opening and closing balances in the statement of financial position for liabilities arising from financing activities is as 
follows:
GROUP
Note
Borrowings*
RM’000
Lease
liabilities
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 2023 6,118,118 172,265 6,290,383
Cash flows from financing activities
Finance costs paid (325,445) – (325,445)
Loans raised 7,277,127 – 7,277,127
Borrowing transaction cost paid (15,555) – (15,555)
Loan repayments (8,305,794) – (8,305,794)
Repayment of lease liabilities – (53,980) (53,980)
Non-cash changes
Finance costs 10 331,274 10,070 341,344
Recognition of additional lease liabilities – 78,077 78,077
Exchange differences 225,703 13,137 238,840
At 31 December 2023 5,305,428 219,569 5,524,997
2022
At 1 January 2022 6,266,373 178,073 6,444,446
Cash flows from financing activities
Finance costs paid (189,413) – (189,413)
Loans raised 4,749,430 – 4,749,430
Borrowing transaction cost paid (4,555) – (4,555)
Loan repayments (5,175,695) – (5,175,695)
Repayment of lease liabilities – (26,234) (26,234)
Non-cash changes
Finance costs 10 195,921 7,364 203,285
Recognition of additional lease liabilities – 20,890 20,890
Exchange differences 276,057 (7,828) 268,229
At 31 December 2022 6,118,118 172,265 6,290,383
* The borrowings include interest payable for the Group which is classified under trade and other payables in Note 40.
Integrated Report 2023 page 153
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 156 ----
NOTES TO STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
(c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
 A reconciliation between the opening and closing balances in the statement of financial position for liabilities arising from financing activities is as 
follows: (continued)
COMPANY
Note
Borrowings*
RM’000
Lease
liabilities
RM’000
Amounts due
to subsidiaries
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 2023 4,741,810 6,108 1,269,518 6,017,436
Cash flows from financing activities
Finance costs paid (249,760) – (7,246) (257,006)
Loan raised 5,079,335 – – 5,079,335
Borrowing transaction cost paid (15,555) – – (15,555)
Loan repayments (5,848,529) – – (5,848,529)
Advances from subsidiaries – – 700,767 700,767
Repayment of advances from subsidiaries – – (1,336,196) (1,336,196)
Cash flows from operating activities
Working capital changes – – 1,077,572 1,077,572
Non-cash changes
Finance costs 10 262,989 – 88,963 351,952
Derecognition of lease liabilities – (6,108) – (6,108)
Exchange differences 153,003 – 42,907 195,910
At 31 December 2023 4,123,293 – 1,836,285 5,959,578
2022
At 1 January 2022 3,893,506 6,286 549,536 4,449,328
Cash flows from financing activities
Finance costs paid (123,962) – (17,279) (141,241)
Loan raised 2,498,531 – – 2,498,531
Borrowing transaction cost paid (4,555) – – (4,555)
Loan repayments (1,849,518) – – (1,849,518)
Advances from subsidiaries – – 650,483 650,483
Repayment of advances from subsidiaries – – (26,118) (26,118)
Repayment of lease liabilities – (855) – (855)
Non-cash changes
Finance costs 10 135,507 535 20,804 156,846
Recognition of additional lease liabilities – 142 – 142
Novation of intercompany balance – – 55,460 55,460
Exchange differences 192,301 – 36,632 228,933
At 31 December 2022 4,741,810 6,108 1,269,518 6,017,436
* The borrowings include interest payable for the Company which is classified under trade and other payables in Note 40.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 154
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 157 ----
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
 The principal activities of the Company consist of the production, processing, refining and sales of palm oil and palm kernel oil, manufacturing and 
marketing of specialty fats and edible oils, rubber and other palm oil related products and investment holding.
 The principal activities of the Group consist of the production, processing, refining and sales of palm oil and palm kernel oil, manufacturing and blending, 
marketing and distribution of specialty fats, edible oils, rubber, coconut oil and other palm oil related products, production and sales of sugar and beef, 
and the involvement in other agriculture related business as disclosed in Note 48 to the financial statements.
 There were no significant changes in the nature of these activities during the financial year.
 The Company is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia, and has been listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad commencing 30 November 2017. The registered office of the Company is located at Level 10, Main Block, Plantation Tower, No. 2, Jalan PJU 
1A/7, Ara Damansara, 47301 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan.
 The Directors regard Permodalan Nasional Berhad as its immediate holding company and Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra as its ultimate holding company. 
Both companies are incorporated in Malaysia.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION
 The financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRS”), 
International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
 The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except as disclosed in the summary of material accounting policy 
information in Note 3.
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with MFRS, requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions that affect 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the 
reported amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reported period. It also requires Directors to exercise their judgement in the process of 
applying the Group’s and the Company’s accounting policies. Although these estimates and judgement are based on Directors’ best knowledge of current 
events and actions, actual results may differ. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates 
are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.
a. Accounting pronouncements that have been adopted in preparing these financial statements
 During the financial year, the Group has considered the new accounting pronouncements in the preparation of the financial statements, as follows:
(i) New accounting pronouncements with effective date on or after 1 January 2023
• Amendments to MFRS 101, MFRS Practice Statement 2 and MFRS 108 on disclosure of accounting policies and definition of accounting 
estimates
• Amendments to MFRS 112 on “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction”
 The adoption of these amendments does not have any significant impact on the current period or any prior periods and is not likely to affect future 
periods.
• Amendments to MFRS 112 on International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules (“Amendments to MFRS 112”)
 The Group is within the scope of the OECD’s Pillar Two GloBE Rules. The Pillar Two legislation (the “Legislation”) was enacted in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”), the Netherlands and Malaysia, jurisdictions in which the Group operates, and will come into effect in the UK and the Netherlands 
from 1 January 2024 and in Malaysia from 1 January 2025 respectively. Since the Legislation was not effective at the reporting date, the Group 
has no related current tax exposure arising from the Legislation. The Group applies the exception to recognising and disclosing information about 
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in Amendments to MFRS 112.
 The Group has assessed the tax exposure arising from this Legislation and no significant financial impact is expected.
Integrated Report 2023 page 155
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 158 ----
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
b. Standards and amendments that have been issued but not yet effective
(i) Interpretation and amendments that are effective on or after 1 January 2024
• Amendments to MFRS 101 on “Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current” (‘2020 amendments’) and “Non-current Liabilities 
with Covenants” (‘2022 amendments’)
• Amendments to MFRS 16 on Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
• Amendments to MFRS 107 and MFRS 7 on Supplier Finance Arrangements (“Amendments to MFRS 107 and MFRS 7”)
(ii) Interpretation and amendments that are effective on or after 1 January 2025
• Amendments to MFRS 121 on The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates – Lack of Exchangeability (“Amendments to MFRS 121”)
 The amendments except for Amendments to MFRS 107 and MFRS 7 and Amendments to MFRS 121 shall be applied retrospectively.
 The amendments listed above are not expected to have any significant effect on the financial statements.
3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
 Following the Amendments to MFRS 101 “Disclosure of Accounting Policies”, only accounting policy information which is material, where, when considered 
together with other information included in these financial statements, can reasonably be expected to influence decisions made by users are disclosed 
under this note. The following material accounting policies have been applied consistently in dealing with items that are considered material in relation 
to the financial statements, and to all the financial periods presented, unless otherwise stated.
(a) Basis of consolidation
 The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and all of its subsidiaries made up to the end of the 
financial year and are prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other events in similar circumstances.
 Business combinations under common control are accounted using the predecessor method of accounting.
 The difference in cost of acquisition over the aggregate carrying value of the assets and liabilities of the combining entities as of the date of the 
combination is taken to equity. Transaction costs for the combination are recognised in profit or loss.
 A similar treatment applies in the Company’s separate financial statements when assets and liabilities representing the underlying businesses under 
common control are directly acquired by the Company.
(b) Foreign currencies
(i) Presentation and functional currency
 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment 
in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia (“RM”), 
which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.
(ii) Transactions and balances
 Foreign currency transactions and monetary items are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the 
transaction dates and at the end of the reporting period, respectively. Foreign exchange differences arising therefrom and on settlement 
are recognised in profit or loss.
 Foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of a monetary item designated as hedge of net investment in a foreign operation 
are recognised in other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements until the net investment is disposed.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 156
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 159 ----
3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(b) Foreign currencies (continued)
(iii) Translation of foreign currency financial statements
 For consolidation purposes, foreign operations’ results are translated into the Group’s presentation currency at average exchange rates for 
the financial year whilst the assets and liabilities, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated at 
exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income 
and accumulated in exchange reserve.
 Intercompany loans where settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, are treated as part of the parent’s net 
investment. Translation differences arising therefrom are recognised in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit 
or loss upon repayment or disposal of the relevant entity.
 Exchange reserve in respect of a foreign operation is recognised to profit or loss when control, joint control or significant influence over the 
foreign operation is lost. On partial disposal without losing control, a proportion of the exchange reserve in respect of the subsidiary is re-
attributed to the non-controlling interests. The proportionate share of the cumulative translation differences is reclassified to profit or loss 
in respect of all other partial disposals.
(c) Property, plant and equipment
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
 All costs directly related to bearer plants are capitalised until such time as the bearer plants reach maturity, at which point all further costs are 
expensed and depreciation commences. Such costs include seedling and planting costs, other upkeep costs and an allocation of overhead costs.
 Freehold land is not depreciated as it has indefinite life. Depreciation commences when the bearer plants mature or when the assets under 
construction are ready for their intended use. Other property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis to write down the cost 
or valuation of each asset to their residual value over their estimated useful lives as follows:
 Buildings 20 to 50 years
 Bearer plants
 – Oil palm  22 years, or the lease term, if shorter
 – Rubber trees  24 years, or the lease term, if shorter
 – Growing canes 5 years, or the lease term, if shorter
 Plant and machinery 5 to 40 years
 Vehicles, equipment and fixtures 3 to 10 years
 The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting date.
(d) Investment properties
 Investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Freehold land is not depreciated as it 
has an infinite life. Other investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis to write down the cost of each asset to their residual value 
over their estimated useful lives as follows:
 Buildings 20 to 50 years, or over the lease term, if shorter
(e) Biological assets
 Biological assets comprise cattle livestock and produce growing on bearer plants. Biological assets are measured at fair value less costs of disposal. 
Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value less costs of disposal net of transfers to produce stocks are recognised net in profit or 
loss. Fair value is determined based on the present value of expected net cash flows from the biological assets. The expected net cash flows are 
estimated using the expected output method and the estimated market price of the biological assets.
 Biological assets are classified as current assets for bearer plants that are expected to be harvested and livestock that are expected to be sold or 
used for production on a date not more than 12 months after the reporting date.
Integrated Report 2023 page 157
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 160 ----
3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(f) Intangible assets
(i) Agricultural development costs
 Internally generated research and development costs relating to the development of oil palm genomic data and techniques, as well as clonal 
technology with the objective of increasing yields and profit streams from the Group’s plantation are capitalised as agriculture development 
costs. Once the development enters into commercial production, the asset will be amortised over its estimated useful life of 5 to 20 years.
(ii) Smallholder relationships
 Smallholder relationships have arisen on the acquisition of subsidiaries. These assets reflect the economic relationship between Group and 
the smallholders who cultivate and harvest fresh fruits bunches on land owned by the smallholders. These assets are shown at fair value on 
acquisition of subsidiaries and subsequently subject to amortisation on a straight line basis over the estimated average remaining lease term 
of the Group’s land of 45 years. The smallholder relationships are tested for impairment whenever an indication of impairment exists.
(iii) Computer software
 Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The annual amortisation rates range from 10% to 
33%.
(iv) Intellectual property rights
 Intellectual property rights acquired from third parties are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of 20 years.
(g) Inventories
 Inventories comprise palm oil products, sugar stocks, coconut oil, rubber, raw materials, trading inventories, consumables and spare parts.
 Costs for palm oil products and sugar stock includes all direct expenses, an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overheads arising from 
manufacturing and head office expenses and the estimated fair value less costs of disposal attributed to agriculture produce at the point of harvest 
in accordance with MFRS 141 “Agriculture”. The fair value of biological assets harvested from the Group’s own plantations and sold during the 
financial year are recorded as part of the biological assets movement in Note 17 and as part of “fair value changes in biological assets (net)” in 
determining the profit or loss.
 The cost of inventories is determined on a weighted average basis whilst net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course 
of business, less estimated cost to completion and estimated selling expenses.
(h) Derivatives and hedging activities
 A derivative that is neither designated nor an effective hedging instrument is categorised under fair value through profit or loss and changes in 
its fair value is recognised in profit or loss. In the case of a derivative that qualifies for cash flow hedge, the effective portion of changes in its 
fair value is recognised in other comprehensive income.
 Changes in the fair value of a derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are recorded in profit or loss, together with any 
changes in the fair value of hedged assets or liabilities that attributable to the hedged risk.
 The Group and the Company document at the inception of the hedge relationship, the economic relationship between hedging instruments and 
hedged items including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instruments are expected to offset changes in the cash flows of hedged 
items. The Group and the Company document its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transaction.
(i) Employee benefits
 The Group has various defined benefit pension plans, some of which are funded by payments from the relevant group of companies in various 
countries. The Group’s defined benefit pension plans are determined based on a periodic actuarial valuation by external consultants where the 
amount of the benefits that eligible employees have earned in return for their services in the current and prior financial periods are estimated.
 The liabilities in respect of the defined benefit pension plans are the present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the reporting 
period, adjusted for actuarial gains and losses and past service costs, and reduced by the fair value of the plan assets. The defined benefit obligations, 
calculated using the Projected Unit Credit Method, are determined by independent actuaries, considering the estimated future cash outflows.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 158
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 161 ----
3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(i) Employee benefits (continued)
 The current service cost of the defined benefit plan reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation resulting from employee service in the 
current financial year. It is recognised in profit or loss in employee benefit expense, except where included in the cost of an asset.
 Actuarial gains or losses arising from market adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in other comprehensive income.
 The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan 
assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the statement of comprehensive income.
 Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are recognised immediately in 
profit or loss as past service costs.
(j) Revenue Recognition
(i) Revenue from contracts with customers
Sales of agricultural produce and refined palm oil related products
 The Group’s and the Company’s revenue are derived mainly from its upstream and downstream operations.
 In the upstream operations, revenue is from sales of agricultural produce such as crude palm oil (“CPO”), fresh fruit bunches (“FFB”), palm 
kernel (“PK”), rubber, beef and sugar. In the downstream operations, revenue is derived from sales of refined oil related products and 
provision of freight and tolling services.
 Revenue from sales of agricultural produce and refined palm oil related products are recognised net of discount and taxes collected on behalf 
at the point in time when control of the goods has transferred to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contract with the customer, 
control transfers either upon delivery of the goods to a location specified by the customer and acceptance of the goods by the customer; 
or upon delivery of the goods on board vessels or tankers for onward delivery to the customer.
 Contracts where control of goods transfer to the customer upon delivery of the goods on board vessels or tankers are often bundled with 
freight services. In such contracts, sale of goods and provision of freight are accounted for as separate performance obligations as the 
customer can benefit from the sale of goods and freight services on its own or with the use of other resources. The transaction price is 
allocated to each performance obligation based on the stand-alone selling prices of the goods and services.
 There is no element of financing present as the Group’s and the Company’s sale of goods are either on cash terms (immediate payments or 
advance payments not exceeding 30 days); or on credit terms of up to 30 days. The Group’s and the Company’s obligations to provide quality 
claims against off-spec goods under the Group’s and the Company’s standard contractual terms are recognised as a provision.
Rendering of services – Provision for freight, tolling and other services
 Revenue from provision of freight is recognised in the accounting period in which services are rendered. In cases where customers pay for 
the bundled contract in advance to the rendering of the freight services, a contract liability is recognised.
 Revenue from the provision of tolling services is recognised in the period in which the manufacturing activities are performed. There is no 
element of financing present as the sales are made with credit terms of up to 30 days.
(ii) Revenue from other sources
 Specific revenue recognition criteria for other revenue and income earned by the Group and the Company are as follows:
• Rental income – recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.
• Dividend income – recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
• Insurance claims – recognised if the claim is considered virtually certain.
Integrated Report 2023 page 159
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 162 ----
3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(k) Leases
 The Group as a lessee
 The Group and the Company recognise a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.
 The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the 
useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of the right-of-use assets are determined on the same 
basis as those of property, plant and equipment as follows:
 Leasehold land over the lease period ranging from 20 to 999 years
 Buildings 20 to 50 years, or over the lease term, if shorter
 Plant and machinery 5 to 40 years, or over the lease term, if shorter
 Vehicles, equipment and fixtures 5 years, or over the lease term, if shorter
(l) Commodity futures, forward contracts and options
 Commodity futures, forward contracts and options are entered into by the Group and the Company to manage exposure to adverse movements 
in vegetable oil prices. Certain contracts are entered into and continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of the physical 
commodity in accordance with the Group’s and the Company’s expected purchase, sale or usage requirements. Accordingly, such contracts are 
deemed not to be financial instruments. Gains or losses arising from these contracts are deferred and included in the measurement of the purchase 
or sale transactions only upon the recognition of the anticipated transactions.
 Certain of the Group’s commodity forward purchase and sale contracts are irrevocably designated and measured at fair value through profit or 
loss (fair value option). The application of the fair value model is made where either doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting 
mismatch, or a group of financial liabilities or liabilities and assets are managed on a fair value basis. Changes in the market values of these 
commodity contracts are recognised in the profit or loss and are estimated using valuation techniques as described in Note 46(b).
 Contracts entered other than for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of physical commodity are treated as derivatives.
4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENT
 The preparation of financial statements in conforming with MFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates that involve complex and 
subjective judgements and the use of assumptions, some of which may be for matters that are inherently uncertain and susceptible to change. The 
Directors exercise their judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. Estimates and assumptions are based on the Directors’ 
best knowledge of current events. Such estimates and judgement could change from period to period and have a material impact on the results, financial 
position, cash flows and other disclosures.
 The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the 
next financial year are outlined below:
(a) Impairment of non-financial assets
 The Group determines whether the goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the 
cash generating units (“CGU”) to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires management to make an estimate 
of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash 
flows. The recoverable amounts of the CGUs were determined based on the value-in-use (“VIU”) calculations. The VIU is the net present value of 
the projected future cash flows derived from the CGU discounted at an appropriate discount rate. Projected cash flows are estimates made based 
on the historical and industry trends, general market and economic conditions and other available information.
 The carrying amount of the Group’s and the Company’s goodwill as at 31 December 2023 were RM2,341.4 million, arising from the acquisition of 
New Britain Palm Oil Limited (“NBPOL”) and goodwill of RM1,965.2 million arising from the merger exercise of plantation businesses respectively 
as disclosed in Note 22(i) to the financial statements. Based on the impairment assessments, no impairment charge is required. The key assumptions 
are also disclosed in Note 22(i) to the financial statements.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 160
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 163 ----
4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(a) Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)
 The Group and the Company had assessed whether there is any indication that the other non-financial assets are impaired at the end of each 
reporting period. Significant judgement is required in the estimation of the present value of the future cash flows generated by the non-financial 
assets, which involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgements made regarding the estimates of future 
cash flows and discount rates. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the results of the Group’s and the Company’s impairment assessment 
on the non-financial assets.
 Based on the assessment, the Group and the Company have recognised an impairment on property, plant and equipment of RM28.8 million and 
RM28.2 million respectively (see Notes 6(e) and 15).
5. REVENUE
 The Group and the Company derive the following types of revenue:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Revenue from contracts with customers 5(a) 18,396,943 20,995,634 3,145,969 4,760,062
Revenue from other sources 5(b) 30,940 34,056 1,563,622 723,666
18,427,883 21,029,690 4,709,591 5,483,728
(a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Upstream
– Malaysia 895,379 765,350 3,145,969 3,176,080
– Indonesia 1,048,755 1,146,629 – –
– Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands 
(“PNG/SI”) 195,875 123,819 – –
Downstream
– Bulk products (i) 8,063,074 12,683,053 – 940,068
– Differentiated products (ii) 8,072,365 6,179,548 – 641,246
Other operations 121,495 97,235 – 2,668
18,396,943 20,995,634 3,145,969 4,760,062
(i) Revenue from bulk products include crude palm oil (“CPO”), crude palm kernel oil (“CPKO”) which is crushed in kernel crushing plants, basic 
refined products comprising Refined Bleached Deodorised (“RBD”) palm oil, RBD palm olein, stearin and Palm Fatty Acid Distillate (“PFAD”) 
which are refined in the bulk refineries and coconut oils products which are extracted from the copra.
(ii) Revenue from differentiated products include sales of products catering to customers’ specific requirements, such as shortenings, margarine, 
ghee, frying shortenings, palm kernel cake and tolling services.
Integrated Report 2023 page 161
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 164 ----
5. REVENUE (CONTINUED)
(a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Sales of palm based products, other refined edible 
oils, rubber, sugar, beef and other agricultural 
products 18,037,748 20,595,353 3,114,251 4,725,802
Management fee income from subsidiaries – – 31,718 31,553
Freight services 278,917 289,919 – 39
Tolling services 80,278 110,362 – 2,668
18,396,943 20,995,634 3,145,969 4,760,062
Timing of revenue recognition
– at point in time 18,037,748 20,595,353 3,114,251 4,725,802
– over time 359,195 400,281 31,718 34,260
18,396,943 20,995,634 3,145,969 4,760,062
(b) Revenue from other sources
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Dividends (gross) received/receivable from:
– other investments 3,544 8,925 3,544 7,457
– subsidiaries – – 1,540,125 700,503
Rental income 27,396 25,131 19,953 15,706
30,940 34,056 1,563,622 723,666
(c) Revenue expected to be recognised in relation to unsatisfied performance obligations
 The following table shows the revenue expected to be recognised in the future relating to performance obligations that were unsatisfied (or 
partially satisfied) at the end of the financial year.
 Expected timing of recognition:
GROUP
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Freight services, recognised within the next 12 months 39 24,050 35,273
Sime Darby Plantation  page 162
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 165 ----
6. OPERATING EXPENSES
(a) Operating expenses include:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Cost of raw materials and inventories sold for 
palm products, rubber, sugar, beef and 
other agricultural products 8,128,422 9,960,804 725,324 2,523,913
Other direct costs of sales 6(b) 3,073,957 3,186,030 637,186 672,136
Employee costs 6(d) 3,069,115 2,749,625 1,006,436 865,955
Depreciation of:
– property, plant and equipment 6(c) 1,304,167 1,248,672 273,128 275,006
– right-of-use assets 6(c) 83,592 78,533 2,452 2,643
– investment properties 16 41 40 – –
Amortisation of intangible assets 22 44,231 45,296 14,433 14,478
Other operating expenses 6(e) 1,115,569 1,077,328 348,973 426,519
16,819,094 18,346,328 3,007,932 4,780,650
(b) Other direct costs of sales include:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Export duty, transport and handling charges 1,192,886 1,278,962 96,265 189,807
Commissions fees 12,435 10,202 45,871 47,511
Tolling fees 198,869 214,158 – 1,688
Upkeep, manuring, and collection expenses 838,285 722,816 296,298 225,555
Selling and distribution expenses 138,387 174,917 – 37
Mills and refineries maintenance expenses 229,866 207,195 82,764 80,583
Research expenses 2,526 2,015 105,451 98,881
Others 460,703 575,765 10,537 28,074
3,073,957 3,186,030 637,186 672,136
Integrated Report 2023 page 163
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 166 ----
6. OPERATING EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
(c) Depreciation of:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Depreciation for the financial year
– property, plant and equipment 15 1,342,593 1,285,056 282,308 284,168
– capitalised in immature bearer plant (38,426) (36,384) (9,180) (9,162)
6(a) 1,304,167 1,248,672 273,128 275,006
Depreciation for the financial year
– right-of-use assets 18 85,458 80,306 2,953 2,954
– capitalised in immature bearer plant (1,866) (1,773) (501) (311)
6(a) 83,592 78,533 2,452 2,643
Depreciation included in profit or loss 1,387,759 1,327,205 275,580 277,649
(d) Employee costs include:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Salaries, wages and bonus 2,427,716 2,235,482 690,170 588,087
Defined contribution plans 158,102 134,668 113,806 91,621
Retirement benefits 36 39,421 30,432 8,745 6,606
Termination benefits 4,346 506 4,346 506
Reimbursement of recruitment fees 40 (25,221) – (19,023) –
Other short term employee benefits 464,751 348,537 208,392 179,135
3,069,115 2,749,625 1,006,436 865,955
 Employee costs above include the remuneration of the Directors and the key management personnel, as set out in Notes 11 and 45(f) respectively 
to the financial statements.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 164
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 167 ----
6. OPERATING EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
(e) Other operating expenses include:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Fair value changes in biological assets (net) 7,888 119,161 (10,771) 50,917
Impairment of:
– property, plant and equipment 15 28,805 6,224 28,181 3,431
– advances for plasma plantation 
projects 46(a)(iii) 881 4,124 – –
– trade and other receivables 46(a)(iii) 5,335 6,655 – –
– amounts due from subsidiaries 46(a)(iii) – – 7,778 3,841
– amounts due from joint ventures 46(a)(iii) – 7,664 – –
– investment in subsidiaries 19 – – 4,737 27,979
– investment in a joint venture 20(a) – 25,369 – 8,622
Write off of:
– property, plant and equipment 15 18,213 18,563 7,712 9,394
– inventories 4,361 1,678 – –
– intangible assets 22 854 – – –
– bad debts – 640 – 6
Write-down of right-of-use assets 18 – 49 – –
Write-down of inventories 5,988 8,668 7 1,080
Donations 30,000 40,022 3,530 (4,185)
Insurance charges 47,591 43,685 4,723 7,687
Information technology charges 83,080 70,090 31,354 19,546
Professional fees 127,148 86,233 69,664 76,267
Quit rent and assessment 59,022 53,673 31,541 29,278
Expense relating to short-term leases 44,101 41,340 22,891 27,906
Repairs and maintenance 227,812 214,009 28,243 43,087
Telecommunication expenses 7,352 7,608 2,117 2,372
Travelling expenditure 44,619 38,168 12,758 9,479
Utilities expenditure 168,975 145,160 36,614 32,262
Integrated Report 2023 page 165
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 168 ----
6. OPERATING EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
(f) Auditors’ remuneration
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Fees for statutory audits:
– PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia 3,631 3,389 2,035 1,939
– Member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited 10,112 9,579 – –
– Other firms 596 208 – –
14,339 13,176 2,035 1,939
Fees for non-audit services:
– PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia 1,515 1,960 1,283 1,819
– Member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited 1,957 2,130 – –
3,472 4,090 1,283 1,819
7. OTHER OPERATING INCOME
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Net gain on disposal of:
– property, plant and equipment 75,856 92,840 75,398 87,022
– non-current assets held for sale 1,092,896 275,929 802,270 275,622
– a former subsidiary – 53,687 – –
Government grants/incentives 72 323 – –
Insurance claims 16,140 17,088 1,758 1,314
Other incidental income 111,046 283,783 593 2,348
Reversal of impairment of:
– investment in a subsidiary 19 – – 2,772 437
– amounts due from subsidiaries 46(a)(iii) – – 11,938 2,465
– trade and other receivables 46(a)(iii) – 12 – –
Sale of scrap 25,857 29,902 4,881 4,347
Sale of rubber wood 1,507 1,680 1,507 1,680
Other income 68,284 83,189 12,601 11,011
1,391,658 838,433 913,718 386,246
Sime Darby Plantation  page 166
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 169 ----
7. OTHER OPERATING INCOME (CONTINUED)
 The net gain on disposal of non-current assets held for sale mainly comprised the following:
(i) Disposal of three parces of freehold land with a total land area measuring approximately 384 hectares located in Mukim Kapar to Sime Darby 
Property (Bukit Tunku) Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sime Darby Property Berhad (which is a related party of the Group) for a total sale 
consideration of RM618 million, resulting in a gain of disposal of non-current assets held for sale of RM606.6 million and RM606.7 million at Group 
and Company, respectively.
(ii) Completion of disposal of the Group’s cumulative 100% equity interest in PT Ladangrumpun Suburabadi (“PT LSI”) and PT Sajang Heulang (“PT 
SHE”) at a combined total sale consideration of IDR1.88 trillion (approximately RM571.3 million, resulting in a gain of disposal of non-current 
assets held for sales of RM290.2 million as disclosed in Note 31(c) to the financial statements.
(iii) Disposal of 5 parcels of freehold land measuring approximately 173 hectares to third parties for a total sale consideration of RM198.1 million, 
resulting in a gain of disposal of non-current assets held for sale of RM196.1 million and RM195.6 million at Group and Company, respectively.
 Other incidental income arising from the granting of access over land use rights in Indonesia of RM109 million (2022: RM275 million) was recognised 
during the financial year.
8. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Fair value (losses)/gains on forward foreign exchange 
contracts:
– realised non-hedging derivatives (6,093) 25,177 – (2,164)
– unrealised non-hedging derivatives (3,562) (25,041) (347) –
Fair value losses on cash flow hedge ineffectiveness of 
commodities futures contracts:
– realised (14,128) (62,626) – –
Fair value (losses)/gains on commodities futures and forward 
contracts (non-hedging derivative):
– realised (685) (1,163) – 630
– unrealised (80,743) 116,033 – –
Foreign currencies exchange gains/(losses):
– realised 31,143 (88,434) (213,821) (37,508)
– unrealised (38,960) 77,192 43,544 (173,321)
(113,028) 41,138 (170,624) (212,363)
9. FINANCE INCOME
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Finance income from:
– banks and other financial institutions 19,089 8,040 3,577 2,790
– subsidiaries – – 23,267 8,187
– financial guarantee contracts – – 5,290 5,290
– others 3,607 4,263 73 –
22,696 12,303 32,207 16,267
Integrated Report 2023 page 167
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 170 ----
10. FINANCE COSTS
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Finance costs charged by:
– banks and other financial institutions 325,445 189,413 257,542 130,457
– lease liabilities 10,070 7,364 – 535
– subsidiaries – – 88,963 20,804
Amortisation of deferred financing expenses 37 5,829 6,508 5,447 5,050
341,344 203,285 351,952 156,846
Interests capitalised in:
– capital work-in-progress (35,016) (31,590) (6,462) (3,185)
– immature bearer plants (108,784) (36,996) (24,579) (14,241)
(143,800) (68,586) (31,041) (17,426)
Net finance costs 197,544 134,699 320,911 139,420
11. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-executive Directors:
– fees 3,531 3,908 3,110 3,443
– allowances 206 317 179 291
– estimated monetary value of benefits 144 149 144 149
3,881 4,374 3,433 3,883
Executive Director:
– salaries and other emoluments 5,561 7,670 5,561 7,670
– defined contribution pension plans 879 1,258 879 1,258
– estimated monetary value of benefits 38 24 38 24
6,478 8,952 6,478 8,952
Total 10,359 13,326 9,911 12,835
Sime Darby Plantation  page 168
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 171 ----
12. TAX EXPENSE
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Current tax:
In respect of current financial year
– Malaysian income tax 47,248 138,700 – 2,510
– foreign income tax 511,258 659,931 – –
– real property gain tax 80,931 22,975 80,931 22,975
– withholding tax 184,465 102,461 117,157 102,461
823,902 924,067 198,088 127,946
Under/(over) provision in respect of prior financial 
years
– Malaysian income tax 486 (28,202) – (15,173)
– foreign income tax 11,033 3,202 – –
11,519 (25,000) – (15,173)
Deferred tax
– origination and reversal of temporary differences 24 (116,345) (90,137) (3,861) (15,489)
Tax expense 719,076 808,930 194,227 97,284
 A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory income tax rate to income tax expense at the effective income 
tax rate is as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Profit before tax 2,752,455 3,492,200 2,156,049 753,808
Applicable tax 12(a) 1,214,308 1,027,470 517,451 180,914
Effects of income not subject to tax (63,993) (78,292) (229,288) (40,903)
Effects of expenses not deductible for tax purposes 157,557 86,982 142,933 103,073
Expenses subject to double deductions (39,211) (17,077) (25,308) (13,928)
Income subject to different tax rate (435,095) (161,060) (181,729) (93,304)
Deferred tax assets not recognised in respect of tax 
losses and deductible temporary differences for 
the current financial year 7,000 1,815 – –
Under/(over) provision in respect of prior financial 
years 11,519 (25,000) – (15,173)
Deferred tax assets recognised in respect of 
previously unrecognised tax losses (19,739) (20,734) – –
Taxable temporary difference on investments in 
subsidiaries (83,438) 8,018 – –
Perpetual Sukuk distribution (29,832) (29,832) (29,832) (29,832)
Effects of agriculture allowance clawback – 16,640 – 6,437
Tax expense for the financial year 719,076 808,930 194,227 97,284
Effective tax rate (%) 26.1 23.2 9.0 12.9
Integrated Report 2023 page 169
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 172 ----
12. TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
(a) The applicable tax rate of the Group is derived from the consolidation of all the Group’s companies’ applicable tax rates based on their respective 
domestic tax rates. The applicable tax of the Company is the product of profit before tax multiplied by the domestic tax rate of the Company.
(b) During the financial year, the effective tax rate is lower than the applicable tax rate of the Group and of the Company as the dividend income 
from foreign subsidiaries subjected to withholding tax, which the tax rate is lower compared to the corporate tax rate.
13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
 Basic earnings per share
 The basic earnings per share for the financial year has been calculated based on the Group’s net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company 
for the financial year and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial year.
GROUP
2023 2022
Profit for the financial year (RM’000) 1,860,040 2,488,075
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (‘000 units) 6,915,714 6,915,714
Basic earnings per share (sen) 26.90 35.98
 Diluted earnings per share
 There is no dilution in earnings per share as there is no potential dilutive ordinary shares.
14. DIVIDENDS
 Dividends payable and paid in respect of the ordinary shares for the financial year are as follows:
GROUP/COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Dividends for the financial year ended 31 December 2021:
– Final dividend of 12.38 sen per share, paid in cash on 17 May 2022 – 856,165
Dividends for the financial year ended 31 December 2022:
– Interim dividend of 10.00 sen per share, paid in cash on 18 November 2022 – 691,571
– Final dividend of 6.04 sen per share, paid in cash on 15 May 2023 417,709 –
Dividends for the financial year ended 31 December 2023:
– Interim dividend of 3.25 sen per share, paid in cash on 17 November 2023 224,761 –
– Special dividend of 5.70 sen per share, declared on 27 October 2023, and paid in cash on 24 
January 2024 394,196 –
1,036,666 1,547,736
 A final dividend of 6.05 sen per ordinary share, amounting to RM418.4 million in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 has been declared 
on 22 February 2024 and will be paid on 20 May 2024. The entitlement date for the dividend payment is 6 May 2024.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 170
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 173 ----
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
GROUP
2023 Note
Freehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
RM’000
Bearer
plants
(Note 15(a))
RM’000
Plant and
machinery
RM’000
Vehicles,
equipment
and fixtures
RM’000
Capital
work-in-
progress
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2023 2,674,008 3,201,756 8,917,294 1,879,254 537,586 590,533 17,800,431
Additions – 55,151 1,235,713 125,150 138,212 726,336 2,280,562
Disposals (237) (22) (122) (1,615) (285) (557) (2,838)
Write offs 6(e) – (1,349) (14,736) (1,772) (356) – (18,213)
Depreciation charge for 
the financial year 6(c) – (272,353) (595,311) (305,962) (168,967) – (1,342,593)
Impairment charge for the 
financial year 6(e) – (8,219) (8,736) (11,352) (498) – (28,805)
Transfer to non-current 
assets held for sale (6,118) (2,223) (2,238) (4,609) (521) (17,229) (32,938)
Transfer from investment 
properties 16 3,500 – – – – – 3,500
Reclassification – 268,008 – 180,684 94,733 (543,425) –
Exchange differences 2,606 109,187 243,434 81,757 20,684 28,556 486,224
At 31 December 2023 2,673,759 3,349,936 9,775,298 1,941,535 620,588 784,214 19,145,330
Cost 2,673,759 6,214,497 15,284,935 5,549,526 2,902,409 788,000 33,413,126
Accumulated depreciation – (2,828,586) (5,211,218) (3,569,836) (2,276,869) – (13,886,509)
Accumulated impairment 
losses – (35,975) (298,419) (38,155) (4,952) (3,786) (381,287)
Net book value 2,673,759 3,349,936 9,775,298 1,941,535 620,588 784,214 19,145,330
Integrated Report 2023 page 171
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 174 ----
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
GROUP
2022 Note
Freehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
RM’000
Bearer
plants
(Note 15(a))
RM’000
Plant and
machinery
RM’000
Vehicles,
equipment
and fixtures
RM’000
Capital
work-in-
progress
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2022 2,683,165 3,234,481 8,522,046 1,873,204 503,988 430,943 17,247,827
Additions – 58,518 951,599 119,959 151,883 541,327 1,823,286
Disposals (856) (128) (5,393) (289) (542) – (7,208)
Write offs 6(e) – (526) (16,702) (883) (420) (32) (18,563)
Depreciation charge for 
the financial year 6(c) – (263,649) (552,219) (307,659) (161,529) – (1,285,056)
Impairment charge for the 
financial year 6(e) – (1,859) – (4,018) (347) – (6,224)
Transfer to non-current 
assets held for sale (4,951) (12) (6,608) – – – (11,571)
Transfer to investment 
properties 16 (2,247) – – – – – (2,247)
Reclassification – 156,214 – 184,379 38,542 (379,135) –
Exchange differences (1,103) 18,717 24,571 14,561 6,011 (2,570) 60,187
At 31 December 2022 2,674,008 3,201,756 8,917,294 1,879,254 537,586 590,533 17,800,431
Cost 2,674,008 5,710,590 13,809,756 5,057,056 2,630,199 594,319 30,475,928
Accumulated depreciation – (2,472,779) (4,602,779) (3,156,474) (2,088,434) – (12,320,466)
Accumulated impairment 
losses – (36,055) (289,683) (21,328) (4,179) (3,786) (355,031)
Net book value 2,674,008 3,201,756 8,917,294 1,879,254 537,586 590,533 17,800,431
 The finance cost is capitalised at an average capitalisation rate of 5.80% (2022: 3.20%) per annum.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 172
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 175 ----
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
COMPANY
2023 Note
Freehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
RM’000
Bearer
plants
(Note 15(a))
RM’000
Plant and
machinery
RM’000
Vehicles,
equipment
and fixtures
RM’000
Capital
work-in-
progress
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2023 4,007,920 802,862 2,508,629 193,431 153,766 115,411 7,782,019
Additions – 13,660 320,523 31,356 40,485 159,065 565,089
Intra group acquisition – – – 286 1,874 – 2,160
Disposals (420) – – – – – (420)
Intra group disposal – (741) – (408) (403) – (1,552)
Write offs 6(e) – (864) (5,234) (1,336) (278) – (7,712)
Depreciation charge for 
the financial year 6(c) – (65,938) (137,346) (39,132) (39,892) – (282,308)
Impairment charge for the 
financial year 6(e) – (3,961) (12,790) (10,932) (498) – (28,181)
Transfer to non-current 
assets held for sale (24,575) (20) (2,160) – – – (26,755)
Reclassification – 46,928 – 51,417 1,916 (100,261) –
At 31 December 2023 3,982,925 791,926 2,671,622 224,682 156,970 174,215 8,002,340
Cost 3,982,925 1,501,323 3,964,659 798,566 562,902 174,215 10,984,590
Accumulated depreciation – (694,802) (1,056,594) (554,776) (405,188) – (2,711,360)
Accumulated impairment 
losses – (14,595) (236,443) (19,108) (744) – (270,890)
Net book value 3,982,925 791,926 2,671,622 224,682 156,970 174,215 8,002,340
Integrated Report 2023 page 173
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 176 ----
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
COMPANY
2022 Note
Freehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
RM’000
Bearer
plants
(Note 15(a))
RM’000
Plant and
machinery
RM’000
Vehicles,
equipment
and fixtures
RM’000
Capital
work-in-
progress
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2022 4,014,831 914,798 2,387,118 340,837 130,960 55,820 7,844,364
Additions – 21,892 269,909 26,818 71,566 99,699 489,884
Intra group acquisition – – – 275 1,020 – 1,295
Disposals (1,552) (207) – – – – (1,759)
Intra group disposal – – – – (56) – (56)
Disposal of downstream 
operations 19 – (84,271) – (144,336) (4,158) (9,972) (242,737)
Write offs 6(e) – – (9,394) – – – (9,394)
Depreciation charge for 
the financial year 6(c) – (63,795) (132,396) (41,794) (46,183) – (284,168)
Impairment charge for the 
financial year 6(e) – (1,777) – (1,407) (247) – (3,431)
Transfer to non-current 
assets held for sale (5,359) (12) (6,608) – – – (11,979)
Reclassification – 16,234 – 13,038 864 (30,136) –
At 31 December 2022 4,007,920 802,862 2,508,629 193,431 153,766 115,411 7,782,019
Cost 4,007,920 1,445,671 3,687,239 730,532 532,321 115,411 10,519,094
Accumulated depreciation – (632,175) (954,957) (528,924) (378,308) – (2,494,364)
Accumulated impairment 
losses – (10,634) (223,653) (8,177) (247) – (242,711)
Net book value 4,007,920 802,862 2,508,629 193,431 153,766 115,411 7,782,019
 The finance cost is capitalised at an average capitalisation rate of 5.05% (2022: 2.84%).
Sime Darby Plantation  page 174
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 177 ----
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
(a) Bearer plants
 Bearer plants comprised oil palm, rubber trees and growing canes.
GROUP
Mature Immature
Total
bearer
plants
RM’0002023
Oil palm
RM’000
Rubber
trees
RM’000
Growing
canes
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Oil palm
RM’000
Rubber
trees
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2023 7,028,588 34,532 20,595 7,083,715 1,833,579 – 1,833,579 8,917,294
Additions – – 13,527 13,527 1,222,186 – 1,222,186 1,235,713
Disposals (122) – – (122) – – – (122)
Write offs (8,907) – – (8,907) (5,829) – (5,829) (14,736)
Depreciation charge for 
the financial year (585,508) (5,166) (4,637) (595,311) – – – (595,311)
Impairment charge for 
the financial year – (8,736) – (8,736) – – – (8,736)
Transfer (to)/from 
non-current assets 
held for sale (2,238) – – (2,238) – – – (2,238)
Reclassification 956,667 – – 956,667 (956,667) – (956,667) –
Exchange differences 298,342 – 740 299,082 (55,648) – (55,648) 243,434
At 31 December 2023 7,686,822 20,630 30,225 7,737,677 2,037,621 – 2,037,621 9,775,298
Cost 12,743,045 61,564 153,022 12,957,631 2,048,260 279,044 2,327,304 15,284,935
Accumulated 
depreciation (5,056,223) (32,198) (122,797) (5,211,218) – – – (5,211,218)
Accumulated 
impairment losses – (8,736) – (8,736) (10,639) (279,044) (289,683) (298,419)
Net book value 7,686,822 20,630 30,225 7,737,677 2,037,621 – 2,037,621 9,775,298
Integrated Report 2023 page 175
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 178 ----
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
(a) Bearer plants (continued)
GROUP
Mature Immature
Total
bearer
plants
RM’0002022
Oil palm
RM’000
Rubber
trees
RM’000
Growing
canes
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Oil palm
RM’000
Rubber
trees
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2022 6,714,807 39,454 9,359 6,763,620 1,758,426 – 1,758,426 8,522,046
Additions 8,477 – 12,813 21,290 930,309 – 930,309 951,599
Disposals (5,393) – – (5,393) – – – (5,393)
Write offs (16,702) – – (16,702) – – – (16,702)
Depreciation charge for 
the financial year (545,341) (4,922) (1,956) (552,219) – – – (552,219)
Transfer to non-current 
assets held for sale (6,608) – – (6,608) – – – (6,608)
Reclassification 833,055 – – 833,055 (833,055) – (833,055) –
Exchange differences 46,293 – 379 46,672 (22,101) – (22,101) 24,571
At 31 December 2022 7,028,588 34,532 20,595 7,083,715 1,833,579 – 1,833,579 8,917,294
Cost 11,493,589 58,415 134,490 11,686,494 1,844,218 279,044 2,123,262 13,809,756
Accumulated 
depreciation (4,465,001) (23,883) (113,895) (4,602,779) – – – (4,602,779)
Accumulated 
impairment losses – – – – (10,639) (279,044) (289,683) (289,683)
Net book value 7,028,588 34,532 20,595 7,083,715 1,833,579 – 1,833,579 8,917,294
Sime Darby Plantation  page 176
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 179 ----
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
(a) Bearer plants (continued)
COMPANY
Mature Immature
Total
bearer
plants
RM’000
Oil palm
RM’000
Rubber
trees
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Oil palm
RM’000
Rubber
trees
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2023 2,043,747 34,547 2,078,294 430,335 – 430,335 2,508,629
Additions – – – 320,523 – 320,523 320,523
Write offs (5,229) – (5,229) (5) – (5) (5,234)
Depreciation charge for the 
financial year (134,808) (2,538) (137,346) – – – (137,346)
Impairment charge for the 
financial year – (12,790) (12,790) – – – (12,790)
Transfer to non-current assets 
held for sale (2,160) – (2,160) – – – (2,160)
Reclassification 265,900 – 265,900 (265,900) – (265,900) –
At 31 December 2023 2,167,450 19,219 2,186,669 484,953 – 484,953 2,671,622
Cost 3,197,623 58,430 3,256,053 484,953 223,653 708,606 3,964,659
Accumulated depreciation (1,030,173) (26,421) (1,056,594) – – – (1,056,594)
Accumulated impairment – (12,790) (12,790) – (223,653) (223,653) (236,443)
Net book value 2,167,450 19,219 2,186,669 484,953 – 484,953 2,671,622
2022
Net Book Value
At 1 January 2022 1,947,179 39,469 1,986,648 400,470 – 400,470 2,387,118
Additions 88 – 88 269,821 – 269,821 269,909
Write offs (6,456) – (6,456) (2,938) – (2,938) (9,394)
Depreciation charge for the 
financial year (127,474) (4,922) (132,396) – – – (132,396)
Transfer to non-current assets 
held for sale (6,608) – (6,608) – – – (6,608)
Reclassification 237,018 – 237,018 (237,018) – (237,018) –
At 31 December 2022 2,043,747 34,547 2,078,294 430,335 – 430,335 2,508,629
Cost 2,974,821 58,430 3,033,251 430,335 223,653 653,988 3,687,239
Accumulated depreciation (931,074) (23,883) (954,957) – – – (954,957)
Accumulated impairment – – – – (223,653) (223,653) (223,653)
Net book value 2,043,747 34,547 2,078,294 430,335 – 430,335 2,508,629
Integrated Report 2023 page 177
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 180 ----
16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
GROUP
Note
Freehold land
RM’000
Buildings
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Cost
At 1 January 2023 11,292 665 11,957
Transfer to property, plant and equipment 15 (3,500) – (3,500)
Exchange differences 210 38 248
At 31 December 2023 8,002 703 8,705
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2023 – 570 570
Charge for the financial year 6(a) – 41 41
Exchange differences – 35 35
At 31 December 2023 – 646 646
Net book value at 31 December 2023 8,002 57 8,059
2022
Cost
At 1 January 2022 8,976 652 9,628
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 15 2,247 – 2,247
Exchange differences 69 13 82
At 31 December 2022 11,292 665 11,957
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2022 – 519 519
Charge for the financial year 6(a) – 40 40
Exchange differences – 11 11
At 31 December 2022 – 570 570
Net book value at 31 December 2022 11,292 95 11,387
 The fair value of investment properties is RM347.9 million (2022: RM346.0 million) based on the valuation performed by external professional firms of 
surveyors and valuers. The valuation was performed using the comparable method based on current prices of comparable properties in an active market 
for all properties within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Level 2 is based on the inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are 
observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices). The latest external valuation was carried 
out on 7 March 2024.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 178
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 181 ----
17. BIOLOGICAL ASSETS
GROUP
Oil palm
RM’000
Growing
canes
RM’000
Livestock
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 2023 60,938 31,304 88,036 180,278
Transfers to produce stocks (62,857) (32,294) (90,820) (185,971)
Fair value changes 56,483 27,933 93,667 178,083
Exchange differences 3,205 1,310 (1,644) 2,871
At 31 December 2023 57,769 28,253 89,239 175,261
2022
At 1 January 2022 181,356 22,294 80,667 284,317
Transfers to produce stocks (189,755) (27,126) (98,151) (315,032)
Fair value changes 60,378 34,781 100,712 195,871
Exchange differences 8,959 1,355 4,808 15,122
At 31 December 2022 60,938 31,304 88,036 180,278
COMPANY
Oil Palm
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 2023 14,039
Transfers to produce stocks (14,039)
Fair value changes 24,810
At 31 December 2023 24,810
2022
At 1 January 2022 64,956
Transfers to produce stocks (64,956)
Fair value changes 14,039
At 31 December 2022 14,039
 The Group’s and the Company’s biological assets were fair valued within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy with the exception of livestock which is on 
Level 2 basis (inputs are observable indirectly). Fair value assessments have been completed consistently using the same valuation techniques.
 There were no transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the financial year.
Integrated Report 2023 page 179
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 182 ----
17. BIOLOGICAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)
 The biological assets of the Group and the Company comprise of:
(i) Oil palm
 Oil palm represents the fresh fruit bunches (“FFB”) of up to 2 weeks prior to harvest for use in the Group’s and the Company’s palm products 
operations. During the financial year, the Group and the Company harvested approximately 8,705,185 metric tonnes (“MT”) of FFB (2022: 8,206,774 
MT) and 3,087,789 MT of FFB (2022: 2,543,111 MT) respectively. The quantity of unharvested FFB of the Group and of the Company as at 31 
December 2023 included in the fair valuation of FFB was 319,271 MT (2022: 288,194 MT) and 126,000 MT (2022: 93,314 MT) respectively.
 The Group and the Company attribute a fair value on the FFB prior to harvest at each statement of financial position date as required under MFRS 
141 “Agriculture”. FFB are produce of oil palm trees and are harvested continuously throughout the financial year to be used in the production of 
crude palm oil (“CPO”). Each FFB takes approximately 22 weeks from pollination to reach maximum oil content to be ready for harvesting. The 
value of each FFB at each point of the FFB production cycle will vary based on the cumulative oil content in each fruit.
 In determining the fair values of FFB, management has considered the oil content of all unripe FFB from the week after pollination to the week 
prior to harvest. As the oil content accrues exponentially in the 2 weeks prior to harvest, the FFB prior to 2 weeks before harvesting are excluded 
in the valuation as the increase in fair values are considered negligible.
 The valuation model adopted by the Group and the Company is a discounted cash flow model which includes all cash inflows, cash outflows and 
imputed contributory asset charges where no actual cash flows associated with the use of assets essential to the agricultural activity are accounted 
for. The net present value of cash flows is determined with reference to the market value of CPO at the reporting date, adjusted for freight, 
extraction rates, production, transportation, contributory asset charges and other cost to sell at the point of harvest. Changes to the assumed 
tonnage included in the valuation will have a direct effect on the reported valuation.
 If the Group’s and the Company’s unharvested FFB tonnage changes by 10% (2022: 10%) and 10% (2022: 10%) respectively, the impact of fair 
value of unharvested FFB would be as follows:
2023
Increase/
(decrease)
RM’000
2022
Increase/
(decrease)
RM’000
GROUP
FFB tonnage increase by 10% (2022: 10%) 20,753 20,967
FFB tonnage decrease by 10% (2022: 10%) (20,753) (20,967)
COMPANY
FFB tonnage increase by 10% (2022: 10%) 8,056 6,256
FFB tonnage decrease by 10% (2022: 10%) (8,056) (6,256)
(ii) Growing canes
 Growing canes represent the standing canes prior to harvest whereby the values are dependent on the age, sucrose content and condition as at 
the statement of financial position date. During the financial year, the Group harvested approximately 247,696 MT (2022: 245,727 MT) of canes. 
The estimated quantity of unharvested canes as at 31 December 2023 included in the fair valuation of growing canes of the Group was 224,948 
MT (2022: 233,719 MT).
 The determination of fair value for the Group’s growing canes based on the discounted cash flow model requires estimates to be made of the 
anticipated canes harvest, its age and condition at the statements of financial position date, the sucrose content to be extracted and sugar prices 
less further costs to be incurred in growing and harvesting the canes up to the point of harvest and contributory asset charges. The anticipated 
canes harvest is based on management’s historical records, current planting statistics and production forecast. Fair value of the harvested canes 
is based on the accepted industry benchmark of allocating the fair value of sugar production between the fair value attributable to the cane grower 
and the value attributable to the miller.
 If the estimated harvest volume of canes increased or decreased by 10% (2022: 10%), fair value changes in growing canes would have increased 
or decreased by approximately RM2.8 million (2022: RM3.1 million) accordingly.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 180
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 183 ----
17. BIOLOGICAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(iii) Livestock
 Livestock comprise of the cattle livestock included within the Group’s beef production operations. Cattle livestock are generally fed for 120 days 
prior to use for beef production. During the financial year, the Group produced 2,113 tonnes (2022: 2,329 tonnes) of beef. The number of cattle 
as at 31 December 2023 included in the fair values of livestock was 28,189 heads (2022: 27,484 heads).
 The fair value of livestock is based on the Group’s assessment of age, average weights and market values of the livestock at the statement of 
financial position date. If the average weight per beast increases or decreases by 1% (2022: 1%), fair value changes in livestock would have 
increased or decreased by approximately RM0.9 million (2022: RM0.9 million) respectively.
18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
GROUP Note
Leasehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
RM’000
Plant and
machinery
RM’000
Vehicles,
equipment
and fixtures
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Net Book Value:
At 1 January 2023 1,942,088 31,525 31,536 2,528 2,007,677
Additions 17,577 20,609 38,256 1,635 78,077
Depreciation charge for the 
financial year 6(c) (59,869) (9,570) (14,940) (1,079) (85,458)
Exchange differences 57,364 1,220 1,572 18 60,174
At 31 December 2023 1,957,160 43,784 56,424 3,102 2,060,470
Cost 3,396,472 111,748 106,413 12,678 3,627,311
Accumulated depreciation (1,425,551) (67,964) (49,989) (9,576) (1,553,080)
Accumulated impairment (13,761) – – – (13,761)
Net book value 1,957,160 43,784 56,424 3,102 2,060,470
2022
Net Book Value:
At 1 January 2022 1,926,109 36,777 31,487 3,508 1,997,881
Additions 53,719 5,465 10,511 668 70,363
Write-downs 6(e) (49) – – – (49)
Depreciation charge for the 
financial year 6(c) (57,517) (10,378) (10,581) (1,830) (80,306)
Exchange differences 19,826 (339) 119 182 19,788
At 31 December 2022 1,942,088 31,525 31,536 2,528 2,007,677
Cost 3,306,383 89,078 65,574 10,973 3,472,008
Accumulated depreciation (1,351,115) (57,553) (34,038) (8,445) (1,451,151)
Accumulated impairment (13,180) – – – (13,180)
Net book value 1,942,088 31,525 31,536 2,528 2,007,677
Integrated Report 2023 page 181
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 184 ----
18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
COMPANY Note
Leasehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
RM’000
Plant and
machinery
RM’000
Vehicles,
equipment
and fixtures
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Net Book Value:
At 1 January 2023 221,956 – 5,307 – 227,263
Termination of lease – – (5,253) – (5,253)
Depreciation charge for the 
financial year 6(c) (2,899) – (54) – (2,953)
At 31 December 2023 219,057 – – – 219,057
Cost 277,638 – – – 277,638
Accumulated depreciation (54,274) – – – (54,274)
Accumulated impairment (4,307) – – – (4,307)
Net book value 219,057 – – – 219,057
2022
Net Book Value:
At 1 January 2022 268,102 – 5,520 – 273,622
Additions – – 142 – 142
Depreciation charge for the 
financial year 6(c) (2,599) – (355) – (2,954)
Disposal of downstream 
operations 19 (43,547) – – – (43,547)
At 31 December 2022 221,956 – 5,307 – 227,263
Cost 277,638 428 7,797 2,935 288,798
Accumulated depreciation (51,375) (428) (2,490) (2,935) (57,228)
Accumulated impairment (4,307) – – – (4,307)
Net book value 221,956 – 5,307 – 227,263
(a) Underlying assets for Islamic financing facilities
 During the financial year ended 30 June 2016, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a notional sale and leaseback of certain of its plantation 
land and bearer plants with Sime Darby Berhad (“SDB”), the former immediate holding company. This sale and leaseback arrangement is solely to 
facilitate the issuance of the Perpetual Subordinated Sukuk Programme (“Perpetual Sukuk”) by SDB. The structure does not represent collateralisation 
and there was no transfer of registered land title. On 23 June 2017, the Perpetual Sukuk was novated from SDB to the Company. The sale and 
leaseback agreement was similarly novated from SDB to the Company.
 The carrying amount of the assets used as underlying Perpetual Sukuk assets amounted to RM101.5 million (2022: RM103.4 million).
Sime Darby Plantation  page 182
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 185 ----
19. SUBSIDIARIES
COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Unquoted shares at cost 7,687,813 7,686,277
Amounts due from subsidiaries – non-interest bearing 1,482,702 1,482,702
Accumulated impairment losses (726,323) (724,358)
8,444,192 8,444,621
 The amounts due from subsidiaries above are deemed as capital contribution to subsidiaries as the repayment of these amounts are interest-free and 
the subsidiaries have no contractual obligation to repay to the Company.
 Movements of impairment losses for investment in subsidiaries are as follows:
COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
At 1 January 724,358 697,023
Charge for the financial year 6(e) 4,737 27,979
Reversal for the financial year 7 (2,772) (437)
Disposal of a subsidiary – (207)
At 31 December 726,323 724,358
 On 27 February 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the plan to undertake an internal restructuring (“Downstream Restructuring”) 
to rebrand its downstream segment. The Downstream Restructuring was completed in financial year ended 2022.
 The Group’s equity interest in the subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, their principal activities and countries of incorporation 
are shown in Note 48.
Integrated Report 2023 page 183
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 186 ----
20. JOINT VENTURES
 The Group’s equity interest in the joint ventures as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, their respective principal activities and countries of 
incorporation are shown in Note 48.
(a) Share of results of joint ventures
 The Group’s share of results of joint ventures are as follows:
GROUP
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Share of results for the financial year 39,239 37,116
Currency translation differences 12,899 4,395
Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income joint ventures (net of tax) (4,447) 23,962
Share of total comprehensive income 47,691 65,473
Impairment of investment in a joint venture 6(e) – (25,369)
Total comprehensive income 47,691 40,104
(b) Investments in joint ventures
 The Group’s and the Company’s investments in joint ventures are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Unquoted shares, at cost 424,943 424,943 293,683 293,683
Share of post-acquisition reserves 16,202 (31,489) – –
Accumulated impairment (25,369) (25,369) (8,622) (8,622)
415,776 368,085 285,061 285,061
 The Group’s investments in joint ventures are private companies and there are no quoted market prices available for these shares.
 There are no contingent liabilities in respect of the Group’s interests in the joint ventures.
(c) Material joint ventures
 Set out below are the joint ventures of the Group as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 which, in the opinion of the Directors, are 
material to the Group.
Group’s effective interest (%)
Place of business/
Country of incorporationName of joint ventures 2023 2022
Emery Oleochemicals UK Limited 50.0 50.0 United Kingdom
Sime Darby Plantation  page 184
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 187 ----
20. JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
(d) Summarised financial information
 The summarised statements of comprehensive income of the joint ventures are as follows:
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Emery
Oleochemicals
UK Limited
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Revenue 2,250,941 11,231 2,262,172
Depreciation and amortisation (54,331) (2,592) (56,923)
Interest income 643 – 643
Interest expense (25,012) (991) (26,003)
Profit/(loss) before tax 94,346 (1,685) 92,661
Tax (expense)/credit (15,242) 172 (15,070)
Profit/(loss) for the financial year 79,104 (1,513) 77,591
Profit/(loss) for the financial year attributable to owners of:
– the joint venture 79,104 (1,513) 77,591
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
– currency translation differences 25,789 – 25,789
– actuarial loss on defined benefit plans (12,513) – (12,513)
– tax credit relating to actuarial loss on defined benefit plans 3,619 – 3,619
16,895 – 16,895
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year 95,999 (1,513) 94,486
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year attributable to 
owners of:
– the joint venture 95,999 (1,513) 94,486
95,999 (1,513) 94,486
Integrated Report 2023 page 185
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 188 ----
20. JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
(d) Summarised financial information (continued)
 The summarised statements of comprehensive income of the joint ventures are as follows: (continued)
For the financial year ended 31 December 2022
Emery
Oleochemicals
UK Limited
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Revenue 3,030,209 14,768 3,044,977
Depreciation and amortisation (54,796) (2,191) (56,987)
Interest income 33 1 34
Interest expense (14,031) (384) (14,415)
Profit/(loss) before tax 109,889 (6,986) 102,903
Tax (expense)/credit (29,249) 1,704 (27,545)
Profit/(loss) for the financial year 80,640 (5,282) 75,358
Profit/(loss) for the financial year attributable to owners of:
– the joint venture 80,640 (5,282) 75,358
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
– currency translation differences 8,790 – 8,790
– actuarial gain on defined benefit plans 67,678 – 67,678
– tax expense relating to actuarial gain on defined benefit plans (19,754) – (19,754)
56,714 – 56,714
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year 137,354 (5,282) 132,072
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year attributable to 
owners of:
– the joint venture 137,354 (5,282) 132,072
Sime Darby Plantation  page 186
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 189 ----
20. JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
(d) Summarised financial information (continued)
 The summarised statements of financial position of the joint ventures are as follows:
Emery
Oleochemicals
UK Limited
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
31 December 2023
Non-current assets 585,823 98,814 684,637
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 117,924 1,348 119,272
Other current assets 774,372 2,842 777,214
892,296 4,190 896,486
Non-current liability
Financial liabilities (19,885) (20,772) (40,657)
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities (386,704) (20,534) (407,238)
Other current liabilities (246,123) (206) (246,329)
(632,827) (20,740) (653,567)
Net assets 825,407 61,492 886,899
31 December 2022
Non-current assets 534,502 98,843 633,345
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 102,347 524 102,871
Other current assets 819,814 2,529 822,343
922,161 3,053 925,214
Non-current liability
Financial liabilities (18,038) (25,268) (43,306)
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities (458,091) (13,524) (471,615)
Other current liabilities (251,126) (99) (251,225)
(709,217) (13,623) (722,840)
Net assets 729,408 63,005 792,413
Integrated Report 2023 page 187
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 190 ----
20. JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
(e) Reconciliations of summarised financial information
 Reconciliations of the summarised financial information presented to the carrying amounts of the Group’s interests in joint ventures are as follows:
Note
Emery
Oleochemicals
UK Limited
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
31 December 2023
Net assets
At 1 January 2023 729,408 63,005 792,413
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 95,999 (1,513) 94,486
At 31 December 2023 825,407 61,492 886,899
Group’s effective interest 50% 45.0%-51.0%
Interests in joint ventures 412,704 28,441 441,145
Accumulated impairment of investment in a joint venture – (25,369) (25,369)
Carrying amount at end of the financial year 412,704 3,072 415,776
 The Group has capped the recognition of its share of losses on Rizhao Sime Darby Oils & Fats Co. Ltd. (“Rizhao”) up until its costs of investment 
in Rizhao. The Group does not have any obligations or guarantee of any obligations on behalf of Rizhao. The Group’s share of losses in Rizhao for 
the current financial year amounted to RM1.3 million (2022: RM2.0 million) which had not been equity accounted for.
Note
Emery
Oleochemicals
UK Limited
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
31 December 2022
Net assets
At 1 January 2022 598,260 68,287 666,547
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 137,354 (5,282) 132,072
Dividend received (6,206) – (6,206)
At 31 December 2022 729,408 63,005 792,413
Group’s effective interest 50.0% 45.0%-51.0%
Interests in joint ventures 364,704 28,750 393,454
Impairment of investment in a joint venture 6(e) – (25,369) (25,369)
Carrying amount at end of the financial year 364,704 3,381 368,085
Sime Darby Plantation  page 188
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 191 ----
21. ASSOCIATES
 The Group’s equity interest in the associates as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, their respective principal activities and countries of 
incorporation are shown in Note 48.
(a) Share of results of associates
 The Group’s share of results of associates are as follows:
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Share of results for the financial year 645 14,547
(b) Investments in associates
 The Group’s and the Company’s investments in associates are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Unquoted shares, at cost 74,481 71,392 420 420
Share of post-acquisition reserves (22,629) (14,348) – –
51,852 57,044 420 420
 The Group’s investments in associate companies are private companies and there are no quoted market prices available for these shares.
 There are no contingent liabilities in respect of the Group’s interests in the associates.
(c) Summarised financial information
 The Group has interests in a number of individually immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates 51,852 57,044
Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of profit 645 14,547
Dividends received from associates 8,926 3,521
Integrated Report 2023 page 189
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 192 ----
22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
GROUP
Note
Goodwill
RM’000
Asset
usage
rights
RM’000
Intellectual
property
rights
RM’000
Smallholder
relationships
RM’000
Customer
relationships
RM’000
Computer
software
RM’000
Agriculture
development
costs
RM’000
Work-in-
progress
capitalised
– agriculture
development
costs
RM’000
Acquired
brand
names/
trademarks
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Net book value
At 1 January 2023 2,271,735 298 11,340 534,055 – 27,264 73,444 877 27,578 2,946,591
Additions – – – – – 32,150 – – – 32,150
Write off – – – – – – – (854) – (854)
Amortisation 6(a) – (314) (840) (17,397) – (16,329) (6,492) – (2,859) (44,231)
Exchange differences 96,271 60 – 22,439 – 836 127 50 1,283 121,066
At 31 December 2023 2,368,006 44 10,500 539,097 – 43,921 67,079 73 26,002 3,054,722
Cost 2,373,529 2,004 16,800 733,457 10,710 266,876 108,277 900 82,449 3,595,002
Accumulated 
amortisation – (1,960) (6,300) (194,360) (10,710) (219,720) (41,198) (827) (54,303) (529,378)
Accumulated 
impairment losses (5,523) – – – – (3,235) – – (2,144) (10,902)
Net book value 2,368,006 44 10,500 539,097 – 43,921 67,079 73 26,002 3,054,722
2022
Net book value
At 1 January 2022 2,147,974 430 12,180 521,058 104 33,460 78,785 813 28,674 2,823,478
Additions – – – – – 11,090 943 – – 12,033
Amortisation 6(a) – (132) (840) (16,873) (176) (17,834) (6,481) – (2,960) (45,296)
Exchange differences 123,761 – – 29,870 72 548 197 64 1,864 156,376
At 31 December 2022 2,271,735 298 11,340 534,055 – 27,264 73,444 877 27,578 2,946,591
Cost 2,277,258 1,929 16,800 706,004 9,671 230,883 107,982 1,399 78,780 3,430,706
Accumulated 
amortisation – (1,631) (5,460) (171,949) (9,671) (199,562) (34,538) (522) (49,058) (472,391)
Accumulated 
impairment losses (5,523) – – – – (4,057) – – (2,144) (11,724)
Net book value 2,271,735 298 11,340 534,055 – 27,264 73,444 877 27,578 2,946,591
Sime Darby Plantation  page 190
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 193 ----
22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
COMPANY
Note
Goodwill
RM’000
Intellectual
property
rights
RM’000
Computer
software
RM’000
Agriculture
development
costs
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 2023 1,966,053 11,340 17,581 71,644 2,066,618
Additions – – 29,236 – 29,236
Amortisation 6(a) – (840) (7,699) (5,894) (14,433)
Disposal (854) – – – (854)
At 31 December 2023 1,965,199 10,500 39,118 65,750 2,080,567
Cost 1,965,199 16,800 117,472 102,422 2,201,893
Accumulated amortisation – (6,300) (78,354) (36,672) (121,326)
Net book value 1,965,199 10,500 39,118 65,750 2,080,567
2022
At 1 January 2022 1,966,568 12,180 21,213 77,538 2,077,499
Additions – – 4,770 – 4,770
Amortisation 6(a) – (840) (7,744) (5,894) (14,478)
Disposal (515) – – – (515)
Disposal of downstream 
operations – – (658) – (658)
At 31 December 2022 1,966,053 11,340 17,581 71,644 2,066,618
Cost 1,966,053 16,800 88,236 102,422 2,173,511
Accumulated amortisation – (5,460) (70,655) (30,778) (106,893)
Net book value 1,966,053 11,340 17,581 71,644 2,066,618
(i) Goodwill
 GROUP
 The goodwill in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position represents mainly the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair 
value of identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities recognised upon the Group’s acquisition of New Britain Palm Oil Limited (“NBPOL”) 
and its subsidiaries in 2015.
 The Group carries out its annual impairment assessment on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of NBPOL, which for the purposes of impairment 
testing has been allocated to cash generating units (“CGU”) within the Group, namely NBPOL CGU and PT Minamas Gemilang and its subsidiaries 
CGU (“Minamas Group CGU”) as the Group believes that Minamas Group’s operations will benefit from the additional planting material synergies, 
from the use of Dami Super Family seeds, arising from the acquisition of NBPOL.
Integrated Report 2023 page 191
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 194 ----
22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(i) Goodwill (continued)
 GROUP (CONTINUED)
 The impairment assessment is carried out on the goodwill allocated to NBPOL CGU of USD367 million (equivalent to RM1,691.5 million) (2022: 
USD367 million (equivalent to RM1,622.0 million)) and Minamas Group CGU of USD141 million (equivalent to RM649.9 million) (2022: USD141 
million (equivalent to RM623.2 million)).
 The recoverable amounts of these two CGUs are based on their respective value-in-use calculations which are derived using cash flow projections 
in which the following key assumptions are used:
2023 2022
NBPOL CGU
Projection period A 38-year cash flow projection, based on the 
average remaining lease period of land in 
NBPOL
A 39-year cash flow projection, based on the 
average remaining lease period of land in 
NBPOL
FFB yields 23.9 to 27.9 MT per hectare (“ha”) 23.4 to 28.2 MT per ha
CPO price USD775 to USD1,115 per MT USD777 to USD1,057 per MT
Discount rate 12.6% per annum 11.4% per annum
Minamas Group CGU
Projection period A 36-year cash flow projection, based on the 
average remaining lease period of land in 
Indonesia
A 37-year cash flow projection, based on the 
average remaining lease period of land in 
Indonesia
FFB yields 18.9 to 25.0 MT per ha 18.9 to 25.4 MT per ha
CPO price USD632 to USD844 per MT USD650 to USD795 per MT
Discount rate 10.4% per annum 10.4% per annum
 Based on the impairment assessment, no impairment charge is required on the goodwill as the recoverable amount calculated based on value-in-use 
exceeded the carrying value of the NBPOL CGU and Minamas Group CGU.
 The Group’s impairment assessment of both CGUs as outlined above included a sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions used. The changes in 
the key assumptions adopted in the value-in-use calculation for both CGUs assuming all other variables are held constant are as follows:
Value-in-use lower by
2023
RM’million
2022
RM’million
NBPOL CGU Sensitivity
FFB yields Lower by 1 MT per ha (2022: 1 MT) 474.7 499.4
CPO price Lower by 10% (2022: 8%) 1,507.1 1,281.7
Discount rate Higher by 50 basis points (2022: 50 basis points) 345.7 459.7
 The NBPOL CGU is sensitive to the changes in CPO price. A reduction in the CPO price by 8.5% would result in the value-in-use approximating 
the carrying amounts of the NBPOL CGU.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 192
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 195 ----
22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(i) Goodwill (continued)
 GROUP (CONTINUED)
Value-in-use lower by
2023
RM’million
2022
RM’million
Minamas CGU
FFB yields Lower by 1 MT per ha (2022: 1 MT) 857.3 804.4
CPO price Lower by 9% (2022: 10%) 1,963.4 2,258.5
Discount rate Higher by 110 basis points (2022: 100 basis points) 1,092.3 914.9
 Based on the results of the sensitivity analysis for Minamas Group CGU, there are no reasonably possible changes in any of the key assumptions 
used that would cause the carrying value of the Minamas Group CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amount.
 COMPANY
 The Company’s goodwill arose from merger exercise of plantation businesses between Sime Darby Berhad, Golden Hope Plantations Berhad and 
Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad in the financial year 2008.
 The Company evaluates the recoverable amount of the goodwill of RM1,965.2 million as one CGU based on its value-in-use calculations using cash 
flow from approved financial budgets covering a 5 year (2022: 5 year) period inclusive of the terminal values.
2023 2022
Discount rate (%) 9.3 8.5
CPO price (RM per MT) 3,500 to 5,144 3,500 to 4,317
FFB yields (MT per ha) 18.57 to 22.59 18.05 to 23.05
 The assessment indicated that no impairment charge is required on the goodwill as the recoverable amount exceed the carrying value of the CGU’s 
assets and goodwill. The management believes that no reasonable possible change in any of the key assumptions used would result in the carrying 
amount of the CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amount.
(ii) Smallholder relationships
 The smallholder relationships arose from the acquisition of a subsidiary. These assets reflect the relationship between the Group and smallholders 
who cultivate and harvest FFB on land which is owned by the smallholders. The FFB is subsequently purchased by the Group for processing as 
palm oil. These assets are initially recognised at fair value and thereafter amortised over 45 years which is the remaining lease term of the land at 
the acquisition date.
(iii) Work-in-progress capitalised – agriculture development costs
 Capitalised agriculture development costs comprise of expenditure incurred relating to the development of oil palm genomic data and techniques, 
as well as clonal technology with the objective of increasing yields and profit streams from the Group’s plantation. Once the development enters 
into commercial production, the asset will be amortised over its estimated useful life of 5 to 20 years.
Integrated Report 2023 page 193
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 196 ----
22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(iv) Intellectual property rights
 The Company acquired intellectual property rights (“IP rights”) on the genome base data from a third party and had assessed that the IP rights 
have a finite life. As a result, the Company amortised the IP rights on a straight line basis, over the estimated useful life of 20 years.
(v) Acquired brand names/trademarks
 This mainly consists of fair value of brands in relation to the Group’s beef, sugar and seed production operations which arose from the acquisition 
of NBPOL. The brands are initially recognised at fair value and thereafter amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 20 
years.
(vi) Computer software
 Expenditure on computer software that is not an integral part of the related hardware is treated as an intangible asset and is carried at cost less 
accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful 
live. The annual amortisation rates range from 10% to 33%. Projects in progress are not amortised as these computer software are not yet available 
for use.
23. INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (“FVOCI”)
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current
Unquoted shares
At 1 January 22,496 29,639 22,337 26,070
Net changes in fair value 617 (7,143) 629 (3,733)
At 31 December 23,113 22,496 22,966 22,337
 The unquoted non-current investments at FVOCI of the Group and of the Company were categorised under Level 3 investment, of which the fair value 
is determined using a valuation technique with reference made to quoted market prices for companies with similar business.
 The Group and the Company have irrevocably elected non-trading equity securities above at initial recognition to present its fair value changes in OCI. 
The Group and the Company consider the classification to be more relevant as these instruments are strategic investments of the Group and the Company 
and not held for trading purposes.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 194
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 197 ----
24. DEFERRED TAX
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when 
the deferred taxes relate to the same tax authority.
 The following amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown in the statements of financial position:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Deferred tax assets 442,922 495,945 – –
Deferred tax liabilities (2,653,814) (2,737,983) (688,013) (691,659)
(2,210,892) (2,242,038) (688,013) (691,659)
 The unutilised tax losses and deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax assets are recognised in the consolidated financial statements 
are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Unutilised tax losses
– Expiring within 10 years 134,503 93,620 – –
– No expiry period 30,359 104,481 – –
164,862 198,101 – –
Deductible temporary differences
– Expiring within 10 years 586,741 – 576,629 –
– No expiry period 70,050 79,424 – –
821,653 277,525 576,629 –
 The estimated amounts of deferred tax assets calculated at current tax rate, which has not been recognised in the financial statements, are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Unutilised tax losses 39,199 49,139 – –
Unutilised capital allowances 16,812 19,062 – –
Other deductible temporary differences 58,674 – 57,663 –
114,685 68,201 57,663 –
 A Capital Gains Tax (“CGT”) on the gains from disposal of shares in unlisted companies incorporated in Malaysia was enacted in November 2023 and is 
effective for disposals made on or after 1 March 2024. The Group and the Company expects deductible temporary differences of RM586.7 million and 
RM576.6 million respectively, arising from the expected capital losses, as the cost of investments in subsidiaries were impaired in the past. However, 
no deferred tax assets (“DTA”) are to be recognised on these deductible temporary differences as there are no foreseeable capital gains in the near 
future, for which the capital losses can be utilised.
 Deferred tax assets are not recognised by certain subsidiaries in respect of the above temporary differences as the Directors are of the view it is not 
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the deferred tax assets to be utilised.
Integrated Report 2023 page 195
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 198 ----
24. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
 The components and movements of the deferred tax assets and liabilities during the financial year are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
At 1 January (2,242,038) (2,186,745) (691,659) (734,396)
Credited/(charged) to profit or loss 12
– property, plant and equipment 29,050 20,551 (3,483) 6,353
– biological assets 3,023 29,324 (2,584) 12,219
– right-of-use assets (6,542) (7,642) – –
– lease liabilities 1,766 – – –
– derivatives 2,307 (18,193) 83 96
– unutilised tax losses 54,306 36,305 32,218 –
– retirement benefits (1,388) 2,974 375 (482)
– impairments and provisions 188 557 (5,979) (13,543)
– inventories (37,294) (24,438) – –
– temporary difference on investments in 
subsidiaries 24(b) 83,438 (8,018) – –
– others (12,509) 58,717 (16,769) 10,846
116,345 90,137 3,861 15,489
Credited/(Charged) to other comprehensive income 2,368 (51,690) (215) (378)
Disposal to downstream operations 19 – – – 27,626
Exchange differences (87,567) (93,740) – –
At 31 December (2,210,892) (2,242,038) (688,013) (691,659)
Deferred tax assets (before offsetting)
– unutilised tax losses 122,377 87,922 32,218 –
– retirement benefits 50,221 48,404 12,310 12,150
– impairments and provisions 135,168 147,137 25,486 31,465
– derivatives 494 14,830 83 –
– property, plant and equipment 24(a) 386,687 289,309 – –
– lease liabilities 29,228 – – –
– temporary difference on investments in 
subsidiaries 24(b) 3,440 – – –
– others 2,288 26,697 – 13,565
729,903 614,299 70,097 57,180
Offsetting (286,981) (118,354) (70,097) (57,180)
Deferred tax assets (after offsetting) 442,922 495,945 – –
Deferred tax liabilities (before offsetting)
– property, plant and equipment (2,524,566) (2,373,350) (748,952) (745,469)
– biological assets (48,174) (46,028) (5,954) (3,370)
– intangible assets (117,806) (100,476) – –
– right-of-use assets (145,441) (165,885) – –
– temporary difference on investments in 
subsidiaries 24(b) – (79,998) – –
– derivatives (4,021) (38,620) – –
– inventories (71,918) (46,598)
– others (28,869) (5,382) (3,204) –
(2,940,795) (2,856,337) (758,110) (748,839)
Offsetting 286,981 118,354 70,097 57,180
Deferred tax liabilities (after offsetting) (2,653,814) (2,737,983) (688,013) (691,659)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 196
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 199 ----
24. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
(a) The Ministry of Finance in Indonesia issued a regulation on fixed assets revaluation (under Peraturan Menteri Keuangan No.191/PMK.010/2015) 
(“PMK 191”) effective from 20 October 2015 as a temporary special tax treatment to taxpayers. Under the special tax regulation, taxpayers who 
elect to apply the fixed assets revaluation are granted a special tax treatment, leading to a reduction in the final tax rate to be applied on the 
companies.
 Under the special tax regulation, the Group’s Indonesia subsidiaries had elected and submitted their application for the special tax incentive by 
performing a tax revaluation on certain assets and paid a final tax for the revaluation surplus. Subsequent to the approvals of the fixed assets 
revaluation by the Director General of Taxation (“DGT”), the Group has recognised deferred tax assets arising from the fixed asset revaluation 
surplus.
(b) The Group has recognised deferred tax assets/liabilities on temporary difference on investments in subsidiaries which has been classified as non-
current assets held for sale.
 Deferred tax is not recognised on the unremitted earnings of overseas subsidiaries where the Group is able to control the timing of the remittance and 
it is probable that there will be no remittance in the foreseeable future. If these earnings were remitted, tax of RM2,817 million (2022: RM2,756 million) 
would have been payable.
25. TAX RECOVERABLE
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current
Corporate income taxes recoverable 25(a) 161,834 88,439 – –
Value added tax recoverable 25(b) 82,895 69,010 – –
Other taxes recoverable 6,475 6,795 – –
251,204 164,244 – –
Current
Corporate income taxes recoverable 25(a) 200,909 192,147 96,925 75,080
Value added tax recoverable 25(b) 96,712 42,412 – –
Other taxes recoverable 464 408 – –
298,085 234,967 96,925 75,080
 Note:
(a) Certain subsidiaries within the Minamas Group have received corporate income tax assessments from the local tax authorities in Indonesia for 
various years of assessment. These subsidiaries disagreed with certain of these assessments and have filed objections, appeals and judicial reviews.
 During the financial year, the Group received tax refunds of IDR83 billion (RM25 million) (2022: IDR27 billion (RM8 million)) and paid tax assessments 
of IDR17 billion (RM5 million) (2022: IDR150 billion (RM44 million)) arising from the additional tax assessments raised by the local tax authorities 
in Indonesia.
(b) Certain subsidiaries within the Minamas Group have received value added taxes assessments from the local tax authorities in Indonesia for various 
years of assessment. These subsidiaries disagreed with certain of these assessments and have filed objections, appeals and judicial reviews.
 During the financial year, the Group has received Value Added Taxes (“VAT”) refund of IDR282 billion (RM84 million) (2022: IDR364 billion (RM108 
million)) from the local tax authorities in Indonesia.
 The non-current tax recoverable includes additional tax assessments paid and VAT, which would normally take more than a year to resolve with the 
relevant tax authorities.
Integrated Report 2023 page 197
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 200 ----
26. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current
Advances for plasma plantation projects 71,147 56,702 – –
Other receivables 14,655 2,917 – –
85,802 59,619 – –
Accumulated impairment losses:
Advances for plasma plantation projects46(a)(iii) (27,578) (24,975) – –
58,224 34,644 – –
Current
Trade receivables 1,481,859 1,960,665 21,221 34,555
Other receivables 270,478 253,513 64,086 83,440
Goods and services tax/value added tax 
receivable 240,107 163,934 – 1,525
Prepayments 187,820 200,555 9,297 8,466
Deposits 19,682 19,820 9,911 9,055
Amounts due from associates 1,157 922 347 157
Amounts due from joint ventures 53,919 53,172 41,340 40,940
Interest receivable 34,795 27,692 – –
2,289,817 2,680,273 146,202 178,138
Accumulated impairment losses:
Trade receivables 46(a)(iii) (21,934) (18,196) (388) (388)
Other receivables 46(a)(iii) (8,298) (7,367) (1,765) (1,768)
Amounts due from joint ventures 46(a)(iii) (52,071) (52,071) (40,000) (40,000)
(82,303) (77,634) (42,153) (42,156)
2,207,514 2,602,639 104,049 135,982
 Credit terms for trade receivables of the Group and of the Company range from 7 to 120 days (2022: 7 to 120 days).
 Trade and other receivables pledged as security for borrowings is disclosed in Note 37(c) to the financial statements.
 The amounts due from associates and joint ventures are trade in nature, unsecured, interest free and repayable within 30 days (2022: 30 days).
 The Group’s and the Company’s currency exposure profile and concentration of credit risk are disclosed in Notes 46(a)(i) and 46(a)(iii).
Sime Darby Plantation  page 198
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 201 ----
27. INVENTORIES
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Produce inventories:
– palm oil products 518,108 644,617 50,042 49,294
– sugar stocks 30,612 19,980 – –
– rubber – 370 – 370
Trading inventories 263,536 132,136 – –
Raw materials and consumable stores 1,187,221 1,174,480 26,336 36,024
Refined inventories:
– work-in-progress 502,014 615,916 – –
– finished goods 162,427 190,880 – –
2,663,918 2,778,379 76,378 85,688
 Included in the inventories above are amounts of RM97.5 million of the Group (2022: RM155.4 million) and nil for the Company (2022: RM0.6 million) 
which are stated at net realisable value.
28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) SUBSIDIARIES AND RELATED PARTIES
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current
Amounts due from subsidiaries
– interest bearing (non-trade) – – 123,178 216,276
– non-interest bearing (non-trade) – – – 292,122
– – 123,178 508,398
Current
Amounts due from subsidiaries
– interest bearing (non-trade) – – 661,515 35,416
– non-interest bearing (non-trade) – – 107,314 127,185
– non-interest bearing (trade) – – 227,355 399,880
– – 996,184 562,481
Amounts due from related parties
– non-interest bearing (trade) 124 424 79 320
Amounts due to subsidiaries
– interest bearing (non-trade) – – (1,572,107) (1,040,954)
– non-interest bearing (non-trade) – – (264,178) (228,564)
– non-interest bearing (trade) – – (61,344) (978,104)
– – (1,897,629) (2,247,622)
Amounts due to related parties
– non-interest bearing (trade) (13,677) (9,886) (6,951) (6,328)
 The amounts presented above are net of impairment. The accumulated impairment on the amounts due from subsidiaries (non-trade) is disclosed in Note 
46(a)(iii)(C).
Integrated Report 2023 page 199
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 202 ----
28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) SUBSIDIARIES AND RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
 Interest rates per annum
COMPANY
2023
%
2022
%
Non-current
Amounts due from subsidiaries 3.89 – 5.92 2.41 – 4.38
Current
Amounts due from subsidiaries 3.38 – 4.27 2.72 – 4.45
Amounts due to subsidiaries 3.86 – 5.92 0.45 – 4.38
 The amounts due from/(to) subsidiaries and related parties are unsecured whilst the non-current amounts are payable after 12 months and all current 
amounts are repayable on demand. The amounts due from subsidiaries and related parties are neither past due nor impaired, except as disclosed in Note 
46(a)(iii)(C).
 The Group’s and the Company’s currency exposure profile and concentration of credit risk are disclosed in Notes 46(a)(i) and 46(a)(iii).
29. DERIVATIVES
 The Group’s derivatives are as follows:
GROUP
Contract/
notional
amount
RM’000
Fair value
Assets
RM’000
Liabilities
RM’000
2023
Current
Cash flow hedges:
– forward foreign exchange contracts 955,186 3,236 (8,774)
– commodities futures contracts 63,911 9,627 –
1,019,097 12,863 (8,774)
Non-hedging derivatives:
– forward foreign exchange contracts 407,585 8,081 (5,284)
– commodities futures contracts 189,297 7,311 (4,272)
– commodities forward contracts 385,709 5,384 (435)
982,591 20,776 (9,991)
2,001,688 33,639 (18,765)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 200
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 203 ----
29. DERIVATIVES (CONTINUED)
 The Group’s derivatives are as follows (continued):
GROUP
Contract/
notional
amount
RM’000
Fair value
Assets
RM’000
Liabilities
RM’000
2022
Current
Cash flow hedges:
– forward foreign exchange contracts 1,366,170 7,624 (26,164)
– commodities futures contracts 175,881 26,176 –
1,542,051 33,800 (26,164)
Non-hedging derivatives:
– forward foreign exchange contracts 771,793 7,040 (1,221)
– commodities futures contracts 162,755 11,314 (9,575)
– commodities forward contracts 931,327 104,744 (24,834)
1,865,875 123,098 (35,630)
3,407,926 156,898 (61,794)
 The Company’s derivatives are as follows:
COMPANY
Contract/
notional
amount
RM’000
Fair value
Assets
RM’000
Liabilities
RM’000
2023
Current
Cash flow hedges:
– forward foreign exchange contracts 78,571 – (347)
Integrated Report 2023 page 201
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 204 ----
29. DERIVATIVES (CONTINUED)
(a) Forward foreign exchange contracts
 The Group has forward foreign exchange contracts in place with a notional value that are designated and effected as cash flow hedges. These 
contracts are expected to cover the Group’s exposures ranging from 1 month to 12 months (2022: 1 month to 12 months) and the Company’s 
exposures ranging from 1 month to 6 months (2022: nil).
 These derivatives are entered into to hedge certain risks as described in Note 46(a). Whilst all derivatives entered into provide economic hedges 
to the Group, non-hedging derivatives are instruments that do not qualify for the application of hedge accounting under the specific rules in MFRS 
9.
 As at end of the financial year, forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges have been entered into with the following 
notional amounts and maturities:
Within 1 year
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
GROUP
Forward contracts used to hedge anticipated sales
– United States Dollar 189,699 201,759
– European Union Euro 25,246 13,071
– United Kingdom Pound 27,380 52,321
Forward contracts used to hedge receivables
– United States Dollar 151,363 163,168
– European Union Euro 2,254 4,865
– United Kingdom Pound 14,355 13,714
– Singapore Dollar 3,229 –
Forward contracts used to hedge anticipated purchases
– United States Dollar 434,246 523,834
Forward contracts used to hedge payables
– United States Dollar 107,414 393,438
955,186 1,366,170
COMPANY
Forward contracts used to hedge anticipated sales
– United States Dollar 78,571 –
(b) Commodities futures contracts
 The Group enters into commodities futures contracts to hedge the variability in cash flows attributable to the movement in the CPO price in the 
forecasted sales contracts (forward sales of commodities at a fixed contracted price and for a defined quantity set at a future date). As the change 
in fair value of the hedging instrument is expected to move in the opposite direction of the change in fair value of the hedged items, there is an 
economic relationship. Hedge effectiveness is assessed at the inception of the hedge and at each reporting date.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 202
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 205 ----
29. DERIVATIVES (CONTINUED)
(b) Commodities futures contracts (continued)
 The possible sources of ineffectiveness include:
 – changes in net committed purchase and sale positions;
 – significant change in credit risk of either party to the hedge relationship; and
 – difference in timing of the realisation of the commodity contracts with the hedge items.
 As at end of the financial year, commodities futures contracts designated as cash flow hedges have been entered into with the following notional 
amounts and maturities:
Within 1 year
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
GROUP
Commodities futures contracts – selling 63,911 175,881
 During the financial year, the Group’s hedge ineffectiveness for commodities futures contracts amounted to RM14.1 million (2022: RM62.6 million).
30. BANK BALANCES, DEPOSITS AND CASH
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Deposits with licensed banks 304,760 164,136 37 24,036
Cash and bank balances 525,622 470,857 100,663 81,736
830,382 634,993 100,700 105,772
Effective average annual interest rates applicable during the 
financial year are as follows:
% % % %
Deposits with licensed banks 4.10 2.53 2.76 2.66
 The maturity period for deposits with licensed banks of the Group and the Company range from 1 to 90 days (2022: 1 to 90 days) and 90 days (2022: 
5 days) respectively.
 Bank balances are non-interest bearing deposits held at call with banks.
 The currency exposure profile is disclosed in Note 46(a)(i).
Integrated Report 2023 page 203
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 206 ----
31. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current assets held for sale
– property, plant and equipment 31(a) 15,111 20,108 32,599 19,583
Disposal group held for sale
– property, plant and equipment 111,827 250,120 – –
– right-of-use assets 1,242 28,086 – –
– tax assets 16,515 106,872 – –
– receivables 7,067 181,404 – –
– bank 217 11,115 – –
– other assets 13,880 53,299 – –
165,859 651,004 32,599 19,583
Disposal group held for sale
– payables (7,360) (120,347) – –
– retirement benefits (4,886) (11,807) – –
– tax liabilities – (4,829) – –
– other liabilities (14) (2,117) – –
(12,260) (139,100) – –
153,599 511,904 32,599 19,583
(a) Proposed disposal of property, plant and equipment
 During the financial year, the Group and the Company have completed the disposal of 4 parcels of land totalling 557.32 hectares, which were 
previously classified as non-current assets held for sale as at 31 December 2022. There are additional 8 parcels of land totalling 500.94 hectares 
being reclassified from property, plant and equipment to non-current assets held for sale in financial year 2023.
 As at 31 December 2023, 846.1 hectares (2022: 902.5 hectares) of land approved for disposal by the Board of Directors of the Company have yet 
to be completed as the conditions precedent stipulated in the respective sales and purchases agreements were not met.
 An assessment has been carried out to re-assess the feasibility of the sales to be completed in the next 12 months in accordance with MFRS 5 
“Non-current Assets Held for Sales and Discontinued Operations” (“MFRS 5”). Based on the assessment, the proposed land disposal of 846.1 hectares 
as at 31 December 2023 is expected to be completed within the next 12 months subsequent to the financial year end.
(b) Proposed divestment of subsidiaries
 On 16 April 2020, the Board of Directors had approved a proposed divestment of the entire equity interest in PT Sedjahtera Indo Agro (“PT SIA”). 
There were potential buyers seeking to buy the subsidiaries, however no sales were concluded yet. The Group is still actively seeking for suitable 
buyers and the transaction is expected to be completed within the next 12 months subsequent to the financial year end.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 204
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 207 ----
31. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (CONTINUED)
(c) Completed divestment of subsidiaries
 PT Anugerah Sumbermakmur (“ASM”) and PT Minamas Gemilang (“PT MGG”) (PT ASM and PT MGG collectively, “Sellers”), both wholly-owned 
indirect subsidiaries of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad (“SD Plantation”) had, on 31 July 2023, completed the disposal of the Sellers’ cumulative 
100% equity interest in PT Ladangrumpun Suburabadi (“PT LSI”) and PT Sajang Heulang (“PT SHE”) for a total cash consideration of IDR1.88 trillion 
(equivalent to approximately RM571 million).
 Details of the assets, liabilities and net cashflow arising from the disposal of the subsidiaries are as follows:
2023  
RM’000
Consideration received 571,254
Less: Incidental cost of disposal –
Proceeds from disposal, net of transaction costs 571,254
Net assets/(liabilities) disposed
– Property, plant and equipment 153,105
– Right-of-use assets 25,968
– Receivables and prepayments 43,423
– Inventories 2,014
– Deferred tax assets 52,048
– Bank 14
– Payables (5,531)
– Intangible assets 32,826
Net assets disposed 303,867
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries before reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve 267,387
Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve 22,796
Gain on disposal of the subsidiaries 290,183
Consideration received, net of transaction costs 571,254
Less: Cash and cash equivalent in the subsidiaries (14)
Net cash outflow from disposal of the subsidiaries 571,240
32. SHARE CAPITAL
GROUP/COMPANY
Number of shares Amount
2023
‘000
2022
‘000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Issued and fully paid ordinary shares with no par value:
At 1 January/31 December 6,915,714 6,915,714 1,633,790 1,633,790
Integrated Report 2023 page 205
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 208 ----
33. RESERVES
GROUP
Note
Hedging
reserve
RM’000
Capital
reserve
RM’000
Investments
at FVOCI
reserve
RM’000
Exchange
reserve
RM’000
Merger
reserve
RM’000
Retained
earnings
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 2023 9,516 9,048 20,146 716,128 (17,696) 13,996,297 14,733,439
Profit for the financial year – – – – – 1,860,040 1,860,040
Total other comprehensive 
(loss)/income for the financial 
year (1,083) – 617 591,203 – (15,988) 574,749
Disposal of subsidiaries 31(c) – – – (22,796) (22,796)
Transactions with equity 
holders:
– dividends 14 – – – – – (1,036,666) (1,036,666)
At 31 December 2023 8,433 9,048 20,763 1,284,535 (17,696) 14,803,683 16,108,766
2022
At 1 January 2022 (126,172) 9,048 26,739 645,437 (17,696) 13,016,976 13,554,332
Profit for the financial year – – – – – 2,488,075 2,488,075
Total other comprehensive 
income/(loss) for the financial 
year 135,688 – (6,593) 70,691 – 38,982 238,768
Transactions with equity 
holders:
– dividends 14 – – – – – (1,547,736) (1,547,736)
At 31 December 2022 9,516 9,048 20,146 716,128 (17,696) 13,996,297 14,733,439
Sime Darby Plantation  page 206
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 209 ----
33. RESERVES (CONTINUED)
COMPANY
Note
Investments
at FVOCI
reserve
RM’000
Hedging
reserve
RM’000
Retained
earnings
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 2023 21,232 (57) 8,157,555 8,178,730
Profit for the financial year – – 1,837,522 1,837,522
Total other comprehensive income for the financial 
year 629 – 681 1,310
Transactions with equity holders:
– dividends 14 – – (1,036,666) (1,036,666)
At 31 December 2023 21,861 (57) 8,959,092 8,980,896
2022
At 1 January 2022 24,965 3 9,173,067 9,198,035
Profit for the financial year – – 532,224 532,224
Total other comprehensive loss for the financial 
year (3,733) (60) – (3,793)
Transactions with equity holders:
– dividends 14 – – (1,547,736) (1,547,736)
At 31 December 2022 21,232 (57) 8,157,555 8,178,730
 The description of each reserve is as follows.
 Hedging reserve
 Hedging reserve represents the cumulative amount of gains and losses on hedging instruments deemed effective in cash flow hedges. Amounts are 
subsequently reclassified to profit or loss as appropriate.
 Exchange reserve
 Exchange reserve consists of:
i) Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign controlled entities are recognised in other comprehensive income, and accumulated in 
a separate reserve within equity. The cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss when the net investment is disposed of; and
ii) Foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items designated as hedge of net investment in a foreign operation, as 
described in Note 46(a)(i).
Integrated Report 2023 page 207
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 210 ----
34. PERPETUAL SUKUK
GROUP/COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
At 1 January 2,230,717 2,231,398
Profit attributable to Perpetual Sukuk holders 124,300 124,300
Distribution to Perpetual Sukuk holders (123,959) (124,981)
At 31 December 2,231,058 2,230,717
 On 23 June 2017, the RM2.2 billion nominal value of Perpetual Subordinated Sukuk (“Perpetual Sukuk”) was novated by Sime Darby Berhad, the former 
immediate holding company to the Company. See Note 47 for the rating of the Perpetual Sukuk.
 The Perpetual Sukuk is accounted for as an equity instrument as there is no contractual obligation to redeem the instrument and pay periodic distribution. 
The salient features of the Perpetual Sukuk are as follows:
a. Unsecured and is issued under the Islamic principle of Wakalah Bi Al-Istithmar (“Sukuk Wakalah”) where the Company is to manage a Wakalah 
portfolio on behalf of the Perpetual Sukuk holders. The Wakalah portfolio comprises certain assets of the Group (see Note 18(a)) and investments 
in commodities in accordance with the Shariah Principle of Ijarah and Murabahah.
b. Carries an initial fixed periodic distribution rate of 5.65% per annum payable on a semi-annual basis in arrears. The periodic distribution rate will 
be reset on 24 March 2026 to the then prevailing 10-year Malaysian Government Securities (“MGS”) benchmark rate plus 1.75% (“Initial Spread”) 
and 1.00% (“Step-Up Margin”) at every 10 years thereafter.
c. No fixed redemption date but the Company has the option to redeem at the end of the tenth year from the date of issue and on each subsequent 
semi-annual periodic distribution date.
d. The expected periodic distribution amount may be deferred by the Company to perpetuity as long as no discretionary dividend distribution or 
other payment has been declared by the Company in respect of any of the Company’s ordinary shares.
e. The Company also has the option to redeem the Perpetual Sukuk under the following circumstances:
(i) Accounting Event – if the Perpetual Sukuk is or will no longer be recorded as equity as a result of changes to accounting standards;
(ii) Tax Event – if the Company is or will become obliged to pay additional amount due to changes in tax laws or regulations;
(iii) Tax Deductibility Event – if distribution made would not be fully deductible for income tax purposes as a result of changes in tax laws or 
regulations or changes to official interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such laws or regulations; and
(iv) Rating Event – if the equity credit is lower than initially assigned to the Perpetual Sukuk as a result of changes in equity credit criteria, 
guidelines or methodology of rating agency.
 The Perpetual Sukuk holders do not have any voting rights in the Company and rank in priority to holders of ordinary shares, but subordinated to the 
claims of present and future creditors of the Company. Perpetual Sukuk holders’ entitlement is accounted for as an appropriation in profit or loss and 
distribution is recognised in the statement of changes in equity in the reporting period in which it is declared.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 208
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 211 ----
35. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
 The subsidiaries of the Group that have non-controlling interests, which, in the opinion of the Directors, are material to the Group are as follows:
Proportion of equity held by owners of 
non-controlling interests (%)
Place of business/ 
Country of incorporationName of subsidiaries 2023 2022
Subsidiaries of PT Minamas Gemilang:
– PT Kartika Inti Perkasa 40.00 40.00 Indonesia
– PT Sritijaya Abaditama 40.00 40.00 Indonesia
– PT Asricipta Indah 10.00 10.00 Indonesia
– PT Bersama Sejahtera Sakti 8.88 8.88 Indonesia
– PT Laguna Mandiri 11.44 11.44 Indonesia
– PT Indotruba Tengah 50.00 50.00 Indonesia
– PT Tunggal Mitra Plantations 40.00 40.00 Indonesia
– PT Tamaco Graha Krida 10.00 10.00 Indonesia
– PT Bahari Gembira Ria 0.03 0.03 Indonesia
Subsidiary of New Britain Palm Oil Limited:
– Guadalcanal Plains Palm Oil Limited 20.00 20.00 Solomon Islands
Wangsa Mujur Sdn. Bhd. (Group):
– Wangsa Mujur Sdn. Bhd. 27.50 27.50 Malaysia
– Charquest Sdn. Bhd. 38.88 38.88 Malaysia
 There are no significant restrictions on the ability of these subsidiaries to transfer funds to the Group in the form of cash dividends.
 The summarised financial information of the subsidiaries that have non-controlling interests to the Group is based on amounts before intercompany 
elimination.
Integrated Report 2023 page 209
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 212 ----
35. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)
 Summarised financial information
 The summarised statements of comprehensive income and dividends paid by each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests to the Group are as 
follows:
Subsidiaries of
PT Minamas
Gemilang
RM’000
Subsidiary of
New Britain
Palm Oil
Limited
RM’000
Wangsa
Mujur
Sdn. Bhd.
(Group)
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Revenue 1,210,373 150,679 76,263 3,245,981 4,683,296
Profit for the financial year 156,134 11,247 3,783 14,847 186,011
Other comprehensive (loss)/income (992) – 336 53,720 53,064
Total comprehensive income 155,142 11,247 4,119 68,567 239,075
Profit attributable to non-controlling 
interests 43,104 1,532 377 4,026 49,039
Dividends paid to non-controlling 
interests (50,208) (3,212) – (621) (54,041)
2022
Revenue 1,304,852 199,868 98,581 3,982,866 5,586,167
Profit for the financial year 285,578 55,173 19,034 28,980 388,765
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 4,880 – – (20,356) (15,476)
Total comprehensive income 290,458 55,173 19,034 8,624 373,289
Profit attributable to non-controlling 
interests 65,574 9,971 4,455 (9,105) 70,895
Dividends paid to non-controlling 
interests (62,077) (8,026) (7,177) (1,001) (78,281)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 210
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 213 ----
35. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)
 Summarised financial information (continued)
 The summarised statements of financial position of each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests to the Group are as follows:
Subsidiaries of
PT Minamas
Gemilang
RM’000
Subsidiary of
New Britain
Palm Oil
Limited
RM’000
Wangsa
Mujur
Sdn. Bhd.
(Group)
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Non-current assets 1,454,586 197,541 302,828 611,424 2,566,379
Current assets 453,575 120,930 19,205 780,257 1,373,967
Non-current liabilities (42,676) (43,551) (62,214) (283,667) (432,108)
Current liabilities (593,414) (10,357) (21,354) (438,046) (1,063,171)
Net assets 1,272,071 264,563 238,465 669,968 2,445,067
Non-controlling interests’ share of net 
assets 254,453 66,691 87,604 24,051 432,799
2022
Non-current assets 1,243,338 183,702 284,129 543,174 2,254,343
Current assets 402,526 124,144 28,682 720,675 1,276,027
Non-current liabilities (32,823) (41,039) (63,959) (226,745) (364,566)
Current liabilities (387,675) (8,427) (14,506) (406,365) (816,973)
Net assets 1,225,366 258,380 234,346 630,739 2,348,831
Non-controlling interests’ share of net 
assets 246,778 71,542 87,134 12,614 418,068
Integrated Report 2023 page 211
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 214 ----
35. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)
 Summarised financial information (continued)
 The summarised statements of cash flows of each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests that are material to the Group are as follows:
Subsidiaries of
PT Minamas
Gemilang
RM’000
Subsidiary of
New Britain
Palm Oil
Limited
RM’000
Wangsa
Mujur
Sdn. Bhd.
(Group)
RM’000
2023
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 360,094 50,107 23,102
Tax paid (79,821) (4,315) (271)
Interest received – 408 –
Net cash from operating activities 280,273 46,200 22,831
Net cash used in investing activities (190,173) (18,979) (31,620)
Net cash (used in)/from financing activities (139,190) (16,658) 2,704
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (49,090) 10,563 (6,085)
Exchange differences 4,742 394 –
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the financial year 79,492 7,180 7,399
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the financial year 35,144 18,137 1,314
2022
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 439,666 80,567 48,847
Tax paid (115,971) (18,958) (1,293)
Interest received – 431 –
Net cash from operating activities 323,695 62,040 47,554
Net cash used in investing activities (124,953) (12,508) (43,232)
Net cash used in financing activities (203,482) (45,878) (10,888)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (4,740) 3,654 (6,566)
Exchange differences (2,875) 64 –
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the financial year 87,107 3,462 13,965
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the financial year 79,492 7,180 7,399
36. RETIREMENT BENEFITS
 The Group operates:
 – funded and unfunded defined benefit plans for its employees in Indonesia;
 – unfunded defined benefit plans for its employees in Malaysia and Thailand; and
 – funded defined benefit plans for its employees in Netherlands.
 The employees in Malaysia are covered under collective agreements with the following unions:
 – All Malayan Estates Staff Union (“AMESU”)
 – National Union of Plantation Workers (“NUPW”)
 – Sabah Plantation Industry Employees Union (“SPIEU”)
 – Food Industries Employees Union (“FIEU”)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 212
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 215 ----
36. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiary companies in Indonesia operate a defined benefit scheme for its qualified permanent employees funded through monthly contributions to 
pension plan administered by Dana Pensiun Lembaga Keuangan Manulife Indonesia and Dana Pensiun Lembaga Keuangan Allianz Indonesia.
 Subsidiaries in Thailand operate a wholly unfunded defined benefit scheme, in respect of the Statutory Severance Pay Plan prescribed under Section 
118, Chapter 11 of the Labour Protection Act B.E. 2541 (1998).
 One of the Group’s subsidiaries in Netherlands has a defined benefit scheme for non-active participants only, managed by Aegon N.V. (“AEGON”). The 
conditions of the Dutch Pension Act are applicable to the scheme.
 The latest actuarial valuations of the plans in Malaysia and Indonesia were completed on 22 February 2024 and 5 February 2024, respectively.
 The movements during the financial year in the amounts recognised in the statements of financial position are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current liabilities
At 1 January 157,773 184,116 50,629 52,634
Charge for the financial year 29,334 19,224 8,745 6,606
Actuarial losses/(gains) recognised in other comprehensive 
income 13,965 (18,292) (896) –
Contributions and benefits paid (12,203) (23,586) (9,549) (8,611)
Transfers to current retirement benefits (2,580) (1,126) – –
Exchange differences 4,426 (2,563) – –
At 31 December 190,715 157,773 48,929 50,629
Current liabilities
At 1 January 15,303 12,843 – –
Charge for the financial year 10,087 11,208 – –
Actuarial losses recognised in other comprehensive income (82) – – –
Contributions and benefits paid (8,737) (9,322) – –
Transfers from non-current retirement benefits 2,580 1,126 – –
Exchange differences 1,057 (552) – –
At 31 December 20,208 15,303 – –
Integrated Report 2023 page 213
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 216 ----
36. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
 The amounts recognised on the statements of financial position are determined as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Present value of funded obligations 36(a) 108,144 88,072 – –
Fair value of plan assets 36(b) (360,778) (332,878) – –
(252,634) (244,806) – –
Present value of unfunded obligations 36(a) 463,557 417,882 48,929 50,629
Net liabilities 210,923 173,076 48,929 50,629
 The expenses recognised in statements of profit or loss are analysed as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Current service cost 15,538 16,948 2,832 2,922
Past service cost 14,274 15 1,922 –
Interest cost 8,187 4,838 1,762 1,773
Expected return on plan assets (10,659) (4,211) – –
Contracted gratuity 12,715 12,842 2,838 1,911
Curtailment (634) – (609) –
Total included in employee costs 6(d) 39,421 30,432 8,745 6,606
(a) Changes in the present value of defined benefit (funded and unfunded) obligations
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
At 1 January 505,954 631,803 50,629 52,634
Current service cost 15,538 16,948 2,832 2,922
Past service cost 14,274 15 1,922 –
Interest cost 8,187 4,838 1,762 1,773
Contracted gratuity 12,715 12,842 2,838 1,911
Curtailment (634) – (609) –
Benefits paid (32,062) (41,857) (9,549) (8,611)
Actuarial losses/(gains) recognised in other 
comprehensive income 12,044 (111,603) (896) –
Exchange differences 35,685 (7,032) – –
At 31 December 571,701 505,954 48,929 50,629
Sime Darby Plantation  page 214
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 217 ----
36. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
(b) Changes in the fair value of plan assets
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
At 1 January 332,878 434,844
Expected return on plan assets 10,659 4,211
Actuarial losses due to actual experience (1,839) (93,311)
Benefits paid (11,122) (8,949)
Exchange differences 30,202 (3,917)
At 31 December 360,778 332,878
 The range of principal assumptions used in respect of the Group’s and the Company’s defined benefit plans are as follows:
GROUP
2023
%
2022
%
Expected return on plan assets (per annum) 3.7 3.1
Discount rates (per annum) 4.0 – 7.0 2.0 – 8.3
Expected rate of salary increases (per annum) 1.5 – 6.5 1.5 – 6.8
COMPANY
2023
%
2022
%
Discount rates (per annum) 4.5 4.0
Expected rate of salary increases (per annum) 6.0 6.0
Integrated Report 2023 page 215
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 218 ----
37. BORROWINGS
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current
Unsecured
– term loans 2,374,188 1,197,041 2,364,188 1,171,572
– revolving credits-i 710,000 1,973,703 710,000 1,973,703
– bonds 512,890 470,107 – –
– unamortised deferred financing expenses (15,392) (8,164) (15,418) (7,880)
3,581,686 3,632,687 3,058,770 3,137,395
Current
Secured
– trade facilities 120 44,577 – –
Unsecured
– term loans 73,744 245,296 57,612 229,827
– revolving credits 1,630,721 1,633,975 994,395 1,366,938
– multi-currency Sukuk – 541,423 – –
– unamortised deferred financing expenses (3,968) (1,470) (3,646) (1,076)
1,700,617 2,463,801 1,048,361 1,595,689
Total borrowings 5,282,303 6,096,488 4,107,131 4,733,084
 The currency exposure profile is disclosed in Note 46(a)(i).
 The breakdown of the unamortised deferred financing expenses is as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
At 1 January 9,634 16,142 8,956 14,006
Drawdown 15,555 – 15,555 –
Amortisation 10 (5,829) (6,508) (5,447) (5,050)
At 31 December 19,360 9,634 19,064 8,956
(a) Multi-currency Sukuk
 During the financial year, the outstanding balance for the Multi-currency Sukuk of USD122.5 million was fully paid on 27 January 2023 upon 
maturity. The repayment was funded through the Group’s existing unutilised revolving credit facilities.
(b) Bonds
 The N-bonds amounting to EUR100 million shall be repayable at a nominal amount on 12 August 2030.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 216
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 219 ----
37. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
(c) Trade facilities
 For trade facilities, the factoring agreement is entered into with maximum limit of EUR75 million with an availability period of up to 12 months 
from the signing date, and is renewable for the same period of time, unless the agreement is terminated by one of the parties.
 Borrowings amounting to RM0.1 million (2022: RM44.6 million) are secured by fixed charge on trade receivables of the Group of an equivalent 
amount.
(d) Other information
(i) The average annual effective interest rates by currency profile of the borrowings are as follows:
GROUP
2023
%
2022
%
Floating interest rates
Term loans
– Ringgit Malaysia 4.11 – 4.81 2.80 – 4.50
– United States Dollar 6.17 – 6.65 0.88 – 5.88
Revolving credits
– Ringgit Malaysia 3.75 – 3.86 2.31 – 3.90
– United States Dollar 5.25 – 6.29 0.71 – 5.06
– United Kingdom Pound 4.26 4.26
– Thailand Baht – 1.30 – 2.59
– European Union Euro 3.76 1.03
Trade facilities
– European Union Euro 4.18 2.57
Fixed interest rates
Bonds
– European Union Euro 2.90 2.90
Distribution rate
Multi-currency Sukuk
– United States Dollar – 3.29
COMPANY
2023
%
2022
%
Floating interest rates
Term loans
– Ringgit Malaysia 4.11 – 4.81 2.80
– United States Dollar 6.17 – 6.33 2.47 – 2.92
Revolving credits
– Ringgit Malaysia 3.75 – 3.86 2.31 – 3.90
– United States Dollar 5.99 – 6.10 1.25 – 3.89
Integrated Report 2023 page 217
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 220 ----
37. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
(d) Other information (continued)
(ii) The maturity periods of borrowings are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Not later than 1 year 1,700,617 2,463,801 1,048,361 1,595,689
Later than 1 year but not later than 2 years 279,023 2,516,477 275,871 2,500,667
Later than 2 years but not later than 5 years 1,989,774 644,228 1,985,161 636,728
More than 5 years 1,312,889 471,982 797,738 –
5,282,303 6,096,488 4,107,131 4,733,084
 The fair values of borrowings approximate their carrying values as the impact of discounting is not significant. It is estimated based on 
discounted cash flows using prevailing market rates for borrowings with similar risk profile and is within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
38. DEFERRED INCOME
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current
Government grant 427 490
 The government grants are received in relation to the purchase of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, leasehold land of certain 
subsidiaries. Grants are treated as deferred income and allocated to profit or loss over the useful lives of the related assets or over the period of the 
operating expenditure to which the grants are intended to compensate.
39. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Current
Deferred freight income 24,050 35,273
Significant changes of the deferred freight income during the financial year are as follows:
Revenue recognised that was deferred from previous financial year 35,273 23,882
Consideration received for freight services that are partially or fully unsatisfied at the end of the 
financial year 24,050 35,273
Sime Darby Plantation  page 218
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 221 ----
40. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
GROUP COMPANY
Note
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current
Other payables 54,086 39,885 – –
Financial guarantee contracts 40(a) 2,611 2,810 29,544 34,837
56,697 42,695 29,544 34,837
Current
Trade payables 1,004,570 1,098,786 82,930 86,490
Accruals 279,000 238,069 89,771 58,218
Other payables 477,739 474,021 176,830 173,540
Employee related payables 589,301 597,648 174,531 189,911
Interest payable 23,125 21,630 16,162 8,726
Goods and services tax/value added tax payable 11,316 13,206 – –
Financial guarantee contracts 40(a) 736 664 5,293 5,293
2,385,787 2,444,024 545,517 522,178
 In the previous year, included in the Group’s and the Company’s employee related payable was remediation of recruitment fees totalling RM30.6 million 
and RM24.1 million respectively payable to its existing workers and former workers who left the Group and the Company on or after 1 November 2018. 
The amount compensated to the foreign workers is calculated by an independent third party and is based on the number of workers in the Group’s 
employ during the period and estimated charges imposed on the workers by agents, sub-agents or other parties in their countries of origin, contrary to 
the Group’s policies and procedures. The deadline had lapsed on 30 June 2023. The Group and the Company have reversed the over provision of 
remediation of recruitment fees of RM25.2 million and RM19.0 million respectively during the financial year.
 Credit terms for trade payables of the Group and of the Company range from 1 to 90 days (2022: 1 to 90 days).
(a) Financial guarantee contracts
 The gross financial guarantees provided by the Group and the Company at the end of the financial year are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Guarantees in respect of credit facilities granted to:
– joint ventures 2,907 3,489 2,907 3,489
– subsidiaries – – 617,007 579,172
– plasma stakeholders 116,688 146,212 – –
119,595 149,701 619,914 582,661
Integrated Report 2023 page 219
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 222 ----
41. SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP
 The Company is a globally integrated plantation company which is involved in the entire span of the palm oil value chain, from upstream to downstream 
activities, research and development (“R&D”), renewables and agribusiness. The Group is also involved in rubber and sugarcane plantations, coconut 
crushing as well as beef cattle industry.
 The management of the Group has determined the operating segments based on information reviewed by the Group’s Plantation Leadership Committee 
(“PLC”) which consists of the Group Managing Director (“GMD”), Group Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director, Sime Darby Oils, Chief Financial 
Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Sustainability Officer, Chief Strategy & Innovation Officer, Chief Research & Development Officer, Chief 
Communications Officer, Chief Integrity & Assurance Officer, Group Secretary, Group General Counsel, Chief Risk Officer and Chief Digital Officer for 
the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance.
 The downstream segment is evaluated based on the nature of the products and services, specific expertise and technologies requirement of individual 
operating units. These operating units have been reported as a single segment as the disaggregation does not meet the quantitative thresholds for 
separate disclosures, and may exceed the practical limit of a reportable segment. The other business activities of the Group are excluded from the 
reportable operating segments as they are individually insignificant.
 Segments comprise:
Upstream Malaysia developing, cultivating and managing oil palm and rubber plantation estates and milling of fresh fruit 
bunches (“FFB”) into crude palm oil (“CPO”) and palm kernel (“PK”)
Upstream Indonesia developing, cultivating and managing oil palm plantation estates and milling of FFB into CPO and PK
Upstream Papua New Guinea and 
Solomon Islands  
(“PNG/SI”)
developing, cultivating and managing oil palm and sugarcane plantation estates; milling of FFB into CPO 
and PK, refining of sugarcane, coconut oil, cattle rearing and beef production
Downstream production and sales of refined oils and fats (which includes specialty and end-user oils and fats), sales of 
CPO, sales of oleochemical products, refining of coconut oils, production of biodiesel products, sales of 
derivatives and crushing of PK to crude palm kernel oil (“CPKO”) and palm kernel expeller (“PKE”)
Other operations other operations including trading of agricultural products and services, production and/or sale of oil palm 
seeds and seedlings, research and breeding programmes of oil palm with special focus on genome science; 
and renewables business with a focus on development of green technology and renewable energy which 
includes bio-based chemicals, biogas and composting
 Note:
(i) FFB, being the oil palm fruits which grow in bunches on oil palm trees, from which CPO and PK are obtained.
(ii) CPO, which is the oil extracted from the fibrous outer layer (mesocarp) of the oil palm fruit.
 Transactions between segments are carried out on agreed terms between both parties. The effects of such inter-segment transactions are eliminated on 
consolidation.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 220
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 223 ----
41. SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
(a) Segment results
Note
Upstream
Malaysia
RM’000
Upstream
Indonesia
RM’000
Upstream
PNG/SI
RM’000
Downstream
RM’000
Other
operations
RM’000
Inter-
segment
elimination
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Segment revenue
External 923,785 1,048,755 196,427 16,137,354 121,562 – 18,427,883
Inter-segment 3,284,739 1,485,474 2,787,613 345,939 650,698 (8,554,463) –
4,208,524 2,534,229 2,984,040 16,483,293 772,260 (8,554,463) 18,427,883
Segment results
Operating profit 1,126,502 890,138 265,970 561,730 43,079 – 2,887,419
Share of results of joint 
ventures and associates – – – 38,179 1,705 – 39,884
Profit before interest and 
tax 1,126,502 890,138 265,970 599,909 44,784 – 2,927,303
Finance income 3,617 10,616 698 7,105 660 – 22,696
Finance costs (149,881) – – (46,899) (764) – (197,544)
Profit before tax 980,238 900,754 266,668 560,115 44,680 – 2,752,455
Tax expense (219,989) (184,405) (91,889) (155,807) (66,986) – (719,076)
Profit for the financial 
year 760,249 716,349 174,779 404,308 (22,306) – 2,033,379
Included in the operating 
profit are:
Depreciation and 
amortisation 6(a) 445,944 283,159 527,344 152,271 23,313 – 1,432,031
Impairment losses of 
property, plant and 
equipment, advances 
for plasma plantation 
projects, and trade and 
other receivables6(e) 24,134 881 – 5,752 4,254 – 35,021
Write off of property, 
plant and equipment 6(e) 13,619 4,065 – 433 96 – 18,213
Gains on disposals of 
property, plant and 
equipment and 
non-current assets held 
for sale7 (878,296) (290,415) – (41) – – (1,168,752)
Integrated Report 2023 page 221
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 224 ----
41. SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
(a) Segment results (continued)
Note
Upstream
Malaysia
RM’000
Upstream
Indonesia
RM’000
Upstream
PNG/SI
RM’000
Downstream
RM’000
Other
operations
RM’000
Inter-
segment
elimination
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2022
Segment revenue
External 792,386 1,146,629 124,198 18,865,808 100,669 – 21,029,690
Inter-segment 3,721,968 1,438,754 3,149,017 96,377 621,675 (9,027,791) –
4,514,354 2,585,383 3,273,215 18,962,185 722,344 (9,027,791) 21,029,690
Segment results
Operating profit 479,247 1,083,372 1,117,008 817,455 65,851 – 3,562,933
Share of results of joint 
ventures and associates – – – 41,384 10,279 – 51,663
Profit before interest and 
tax 479,247 1,083,372 1,117,008 858,839 76,130 – 3,614,596
Finance income 3,036 5,852 1,241 1,709 465 – 12,303
Finance costs (83,542) – – (33,868) (17,289) – (134,699)
Profit before tax 398,741 1,089,224 1,118,249 826,680 59,306 – 3,492,200
Tax expense (79,882) (197,885) (351,791) (152,348) (27,024) – (808,930)
Profit for the financial 
year 318,859 891,339 766,458 674,332 32,282 – 2,683,270
Included in the operating 
profit/(loss) are:
Depreciation and 
amortisation 6(a) 434,051 263,423 519,153 132,548 23,366 – 1,372,541
Impairment losses of 
property, plant and 
equipment, right-of-use 
assets, advances for 
plasma plantation 
projects, trade and 
other receivables, 
investment in a joint 
venture and non-
current assets held for 
sale6(e) 3,465 5,077 4,361 4,112 33,021 – 50,036
Write off of property, 
plant and equipment 6(e) 12,014 5,807 – 286 456 – 18,563
Gains on disposals of 
property, plant and 
equipment and 
non-current assets held 
for sale (net)7 (366,589) (2,085) – (85) (10) – (368,769)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 222
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 225 ----
41. SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment assets and liabilities and additions to non-current assets
Upstream
Malaysia
RM’000
Upstream
Indonesia
RM’000
Upstream
PNG/SI
RM’000
Downstream
RM’000
Other
operations
RM’000
Inter-
segment
elimination
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Segment assets
Operating assets 10,324,098 5,713,414 7,918,419 5,975,444 329,381 – 30,260,756
Joint ventures and associates – – – 428,291 39,337 – 467,628
Non-current assets held for sale 15,111 150,748 – – – – 165,859
10,339,209 5,864,162 7,918,419 6,403,735 368,718 – 30,894,243
Segment liabilities
Liabilities 1,175,610 606,710 204,814 1,006,217 111,145 – 3,104,496
Liabilities directly associated 
with non-current assets held 
for sale – 12,260 – – – – 12,260
1,175,610 618,970 204,814 1,006,217 111,145 – 3,116,756
Additions to non-current assets 
are as follows:
Capital expenditure 942,564 676,756 354,695 370,214 46,560 – 2,390,789
2022
Segment assets
Operating assets 9,978,879 5,346,106 7,950,497 5,514,404 386,951 – 29,176,837
Joint ventures and associates – – – 380,780 44,349 – 425,129
Non-current assets held for sale 20,108 630,896 – – – – 651,004
9,998,987 5,977,002 7,950,497 5,895,184 431,300 – 30,252,970
Segment liabilities
Liabilities 816,973 615,505 271,094 900,914 162,752 – 2,767,238
Liabilities directly associated 
with non-current assets held 
for sale – 139,100 – – – – 139,100
816,973 754,605 271,094 900,914 162,752 – 2,906,338
Additions to non-current assets 
are as follows:
Capital expenditure 816,538 587,979 239,177 233,664 28,324 – 1,905,682
Integrated Report 2023 page 223
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 226 ----
41. SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment assets and liabilities and additions to non-current assets (continued)
 Capital expenditure consists of the following:
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Property, plant and equipment 2,280,562 1,823,286
Right-of-use assets 78,077 70,363
Intangible assets other than goodwill 32,150 12,033
2,390,789 1,905,682
 Reconciliations of segment assets and liabilities to total assets and total liabilities are as follows:
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Assets:
Segment total 30,894,243 30,252,970
Tax assets 992,211 895,156
31,886,454 31,148,126
Liabilities:
Segment total 3,116,756 2,906,338
Tax liabilities 2,861,413 2,957,021
Borrowings 5,282,303 6,096,488
Lease liabilities 219,569 172,265
11,480,041 12,132,112
(c) Segment by geography
 Revenue by location of customers is analysed as follows:
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Malaysia 4,644,078 5,511,408
Europe 2,984,288 4,479,341
United Kingdom 1,466,962 96,733
India 1,245,292 1,932,538
Indonesia 1,401,102 1,578,246
Thailand 1,953,730 2,159,367
Other countries in South East Asia 3,013,469 3,096,124
South Africa 786,693 1,072,730
Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands 505,024 424,027
China 56,013 158,258
Other countries (which are individually insignificant) 371,232 520,918
18,427,883 21,029,690
Sime Darby Plantation  page 224
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 227 ----
41. SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
(c) Segment by geography (continued)
 Non-current assets, other than financial instruments and tax assets, by location of the Group’s operations are analysed as follows:
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Malaysia 11,089,764 10,501,015
Indonesia 5,337,154 4,629,042
Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands 6,957,765 6,822,672
Thailand 287,917 281,992
Europe 1,040,520 932,853
Singapore 6,024 7,269
South Africa 17,065 16,372
24,736,209 23,191,215
 Reconciliations of non-current assets, other than financial instruments and tax assets to the total non-current assets are as follows:
GROUP
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Non-current assets other than financial instruments and tax assets 24,736,209 23,191,215
Investments at FVOCI 23,113 22,496
Deferred tax assets 442,922 495,945
Tax recoverable 251,204 164,244
Trade and other receivables 58,224 34,644
25,511,672 23,908,544
 The Group’s operations are diverse in terms of the range of products and services it offers and the geographical coverage. There is no single 
customer that contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue.
42. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 There are no significant contingent liabilities as at the financial year end.
Integrated Report 2023 page 225
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 228 ----
43. COMMITMENTS
(a) Capital commitments
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Authorised capital expenditure not provided for in the 
financial statements:
Contracted
– property, plant and equipment 722,751 708,374 131,703 206,505
(b) Plasma plantation
 The Group is committed to develop a total of 32,454 (2022: 53,182) hectares of oil palm plantation for plasma farmers in Indonesia. A total of 
25,731 (2022: 43,588) hectares have been developed of which approximately 25,627 (2022: 37,582) hectares have been transferred/handed over 
to plasma farmers.
44. MATERIAL LITIGATIONS
 Material litigations against the Group are as follows:
(a) New Britain Palm Oil Limited (“NBPOL”) v. Masile Incorporated Land Group (“Masile”), NBPOL v. Rikau Incorporated Land Group (“Rikau”) & 
NBPOL v. Meloks Incorporated Land Group (“Meloks”) (collectively, “Defendants”)
 NBPOL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SD Plantation, had on 31 August 2011 initiated 3 separate legal actions against the Defendants in the National 
Court of Justice at Waigani, Papua New Guinea (Court). All 3 actions relate to the same cause of action whereby the Defendants had defaulted in 
their obligations to surrender their Special Agricultural Business Leases (SABL) to NBPOL for registration of the sub-leases despite having received 
benefits from NBPOL under the sub-lease agreements (SLA). Such benefits received by the Defendants include rental paid by NBPOL for 3,720 Ha 
of land under the SABL (Land), royalties for the FFB harvested from the Land, and 31,250 ordinary shares in NBPOL respectively issued to each of 
the Defendants.
 On 25 June 2018, the Court rendered its decision on NBPOL’s claims against Meloks in NBPOL’s favour. In its decision, the Court declared the 
SLA entered into between NBPOL and Meloks to be valid and an order of specific performance was made against Meloks to deliver the SABL to 
NBPOL and to do all acts and things necessary to enable NBPOL to register the SLA entered into between NBPOL and Meloks. On 10 October 
2018, Meloks surrendered the SABL to NBPOL. However, in view that Meloks had laminated the SABL, Meloks had to execute an application for 
the official copy of the SABL which NBPOL lodged with the registrar of titles together with NBPOL’s application for registration of the SLA. The 
laminated plastic has since dislodged from Melok’s SABL. However, NBPOL and Meloks are in the process of executing a new SLA to facilitate the 
registration of the SLA as the date of the SLA has to be the same or after the date of the SABL.
 Masile and Rikau were considering whether to continue defending against NBPOL’s claims in view of the Court’s decision on the trial relating to 
NBPOL’s claims against Meloks or to conclude on the same basis as Meloks given that the facts, issues and evidences are similar. Parties then 
agreed to enter into Consent Court Orders (CCOs) on terms similar to the order made in respect of Meloks and the CCOs were formally endorsed 
by the Court on 15 December 2020. Masile and Rikau surrendered their respective SABLs to NBPOL on 30 July 2020. However, the SABL received 
from Masile was laminated whilst the SABL received from Rikau is a copy and therefore NBPOL had to obtain the official copy of the SABLs and 
compile the relevant documents (including execution of new SLAs) before it could proceed with the registration of the SLAs. The issues related 
to the lamination of Masile’s SABL and obtaining an official copy of Rikau’s SABL as stated above have been resolved.
 The Defendants have affirmed their intention to re-execute the SLAs with NBPOL. The SLAs have been reviewed by NBPOL’s lawyers and based 
on NBPOL’s meeting with the Defendants on 12 February 2024, the Defendants have reaffirmed their wilingness to execute the revised SLAs. 
NBPOL is preparing the documentation affirming the outcome of the meeting on 12 February 2024 and execution of the revised SLAs.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 226
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 229 ----
44. MATERIAL LITIGATIONS (CONTINUED)
 Material litigations against the Group are as follows: (continued)
(b) Chantico Ship Management Ltd (“Chantico”) vs. Sime Darby Oils Zwijndrecht Refinery B.V. (formerly known as Sime Darby Unimills B.V.) (“SDOZR”)
 SDOZR, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SD Plantation, is involved in litigation in respect of a vessel known as the mv Geraki (formerly 
known as mv Cap Thanos). This vessel was carrying vegetable oils for 9 different cargo owners (7 European cargo owners including SDOZR, and 2 
Algerian cargo owners). The percentage of SDOZR’s cargo on board was about 14.4%. The vessel was auctioned and in April 2011 was sold to 
Chantico. All cargo were eventually discharged in April/May 2013. Beginning in 2012, Chantico started various proceedings against the cargo 
owners.
 The following two lawsuits proceeded to trial:
(i) Proceedings before the Court of Piraeus which started in October 2014 (“Lawsuit 1”)
 The claims by Chantico are based on alleged actions in tort (i.e. alleged delay of discharge of cargo) and the current total amount claimed 
from all 9 cargo owners, jointly and severally, is EUR6 million (approximately RM30.8 million). The hearing for Lawsuit 1 concluded on 25 
September 2018.
(ii) Proceedings before the Court of Piraeus which started in December 2015 (“Lawsuit 2”)
 The claim in these proceedings is based on the alleged damage to the vessel and loss of profit caused by the alleged actions in tort during 
transshipment and heating of the cargo. The claim against the 9 cargo owners and the third party, jointly and severally, amounts to EUR9.3 
million (approximately RM47.7 million) and an additional claim was filed against all cargo owners, jointly and severally, of EUR380,000 
(approximately RM1.9 million) for port and anchorage dues. The hearing for Lawsuit 2 concluded on 25 September 2018.
 On 25 November 2020 the Court of Piraeus rendered its judgement dismissing all of Chantico’s claims in Lawsuit 1 and Lawsuit 2. Chantico appealed 
to the Piraeus Court of Appeal and the appeals for Lawsuit 1 and Lawsuit 2 were heard on 17 November 2022. On 29 January 2024, SDOZR was 
informed that the Piraeus Court of Appeal dismissed Chantico’s appeal in both Lawsuit 1 and Lawsuit 2. The judgment of the Piraeus Court of 
Appeal is subject to appeal to the Supreme Court on issues of law only and the time limit to file an appeal is 60 days from the date of service of 
the judgment on Chantico. SDOZR’s Greek lawyer will be serving the judgment of the Piraeus Court of Appeal on Chantico as soon as possible. 
SDOZR’s Greek lawyer estimates the exposure of SDOZR (and all of the other 8 cargo owners, jointly and severally) at EUR2.4 million (approximately 
RM12.3 million) for Lawsuit 1 and EUR192,000 (approximately RM1.0 million) for Lawsuit 2, all amounts inclusive of interest. As at this juncture, 
adequate provision has been made.
45. DISCLOSURES OF SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 The immediate and ultimate holding companies of the Company are Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”) and Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra (“YPB”), 
which are incorporated in Malaysia.
 Transactions entered into for the respective financial year under review, with companies in which PNB and YPB have significant interest, include the 
sales and purchases of goods and services.
 These related party transactions were entered into in the ordinary course of business on negotiated trade terms and conditions and do not require the 
approval of shareholders.
Integrated Report 2023 page 227
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 230 ----
45. DISCLOSURES OF SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
 In addition to related party disclosures mentioned elsewhere in the financial statements, set out below are other significant related party transactions:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
(a) Transactions with associates
(i) Purchase of palm oil
– Thai Eastern Trat Co., Ltd. 75,553 143,869 – –
(ii) Purchase of latex concentrate
– Muang Mai Guthrie Public Company Limited798 14,927 – 14,567
(iii) Corporate social responsibility donation paid
– Yayasan Sime Darby30,000 52,000 2,500 6,570
(b) Transactions with subsidiaries
(i) Sales of goods
– Sime Darby Oils Commodities Sdn Bhd – – 1,945,726 1,761,577
– Sime Darby Oils Port Klang Refinery Sdn Bhd – – 297,919 352,608
– Sime Darby Oils Carey Island KCP Sdn Bhd – – 213,669 217,965
– Sime Darby Oils Biodiesel Sdn Bhd – – 68,287 57,682
– The China Engineers (Malaysia)  
Sdn Bhd – – 58,251 75,736
(ii) Research expenses
– Sime Darby Plantation Technology Centre Sdn 
Bhd – – 28,740 24,259
– Sime Darby Plantation Biotechnology Lab Sdn 
Bhd – – 10,162 5,255
– Sime Darby Plantation Research  
Sdn Bhd – – 66,886 65,884
(iii) Commission on purchase of FFB and sale of palm 
products
– Sime Darby Oils Trading Sdn Bhd – – 45,871 47,135
(iv) Management fees income
– Sime Darby Plantation (Sabah) Sdn Bhd – – 13,780 13,730
(v) Interest expenses
– Sime Darby Plantation Global Berhad – – 1,370 17,761
– Sime Darby Oils Trading Sdn Bhd – – 21,442 –
– Mulligan International B.V. – – 14,848 –
– Sime Darby Oils Carey Island KCP  
Sdn Bhd – – 14,359 –
(vi) Purchases of goods
– The China Engineers (Malaysia)  
Sdn Bhd – – 57,178 77,706
– Guthrie Agri Bio Sdn Bhd (formerly known as 
Sime Darby Plantation Agri-Bio Sdn Bhd) – – 337,527 295,256
Sime Darby Plantation  page 228
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 231 ----
45. DISCLOSURES OF SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
 In addition to related party disclosures mentioned elsewhere in the financial statements, set out below are other significant related party transactions: 
(continued)
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
(b) Transactions with subsidiaries (continued)
(vii) Dividend income
– Mulligan International B.V. – – 751,582 –
– New Britain Palm Oil Limited – – 772,739 682,850
– Sime Darby Plantation Thailand  
Sdn Bhd – – 12,565 18,730
– Sime Darby Plantation Austral Holdings Berhad – – – 23,019
(viii) Disposal of downstream operations and 
subsidiaries
– Sime Darby Oils Carey Island KCP  
Sdn Bhd – – – 80,484
– Sime Darby Oils Port Klang Refinery Sdn Bhd – – – 59,971
– Sime Darby Oils Langat Refinery  
Sdn Bhd – – – 295,890
– Sime Darby Oils Pasir Gudang Refinery Sdn 
Bhd – – – 56,389
(ix) Advances from/(to) subsidiaries
– Sime Darby Oils Pasir Gudang Refinery Sdn 
Bhd – – 92,397 –
– Mulligan International B.V. – – 411,583 –
– Sime Darby Oils Carey Island KCP  
Sdn Bhd – – 31,244 83,514
– Sime Darby Oils Langat Refinery  
Sdn Bhd – – 58,859 91,562
– New Britain Plantation Services  
Pte. Ltd. – – 13,794 129,824
– Sime Darby Plantation Research  
Sdn Bhd – – 17,454 –
– Sime Darby Plantation Technology Centre Sdn 
Bhd – – 21,678 –
– Sime Darby Oils International Limited – – 19,082 –
– PT Anugerah Sumbermakmur – – – 143,642
– PT Minamas Gemilang – – (43,331) 143,642
– Guthrie Industries Malaysia Sendirian Berhad – – (30,925) –
– Sime Darby Oils Bintulu Sdn Bhd – – (156,627) –
– Sime Darby Oils Biodiesel Sdn Bhd – – (97,376) –
– New Britain Palm Oil Limited – – (17,081) –
– Wangsa Mujur Sdn Bhd – – – (13,300)
– Sime Darby Plantation (Sarawak)  
Sdn Bhd – – (111,134) (32,331)
– Sime Darby Plantation (Sabah) Sdn Bhd – – (76,491) –
– Sime Darby Oils Port Klang Refinery Sdn Bhd – – (14,641) (73,848)
– Sime Darby Plantation Investment (Liberia) 
Private Limited – – – 53,062
Integrated Report 2023 page 229
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 232 ----
45. DISCLOSURES OF SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
 In addition to related party disclosures mentioned elsewhere in the financial statements, set out below are other significant related party transactions: 
(continued)
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
(b) Transactions with subsidiaries (continued)
(x) Repayment of advances to/(from) subsidiaries
– Sime Darby Plantation Global Sdn Bhd – – (550,068) –
– PT Anugerah Sumbermakmur – – (149,135) –
– PT Minamas Gemilang – – (149,144) –
– Sime Darby Oils International Limited – –  (263,564) –
– New Britain Plantation Services  
Pte. Ltd. – – – (21,453)
– Sime Darby Oils Netherlands B.V. – – (50,824) –
– Sime Darby Oils Trading Sdn Bhd – – (227,073) –
– Sime Darby Oils Carey Island KCP  
Sdn Bhd – – (223,523) –
– Sime Darby Oils Port Klang Refinery Sdn Bhd – – 40,057 –
– Guthrie Agri Bio Sdn Bhd (formerly known as 
Sime Darby Plantation Agri-Bio Sdn Bhd) – – 122,722 –
– Sime Darby Plantation (Sabah) Sdn Bhd – – 38,780 –
– Sime Darby Plantation (Sarawak)  
Sdn Bhd – – 25,573 –
– Sime Darby Oils Pasir Gudang Refinery Sdn 
Bhd – – – 46,395
(xi) Novation of intercompany receivable to 
subsidiaries
– Sime Darby Oils Pasir Gudang Refinery Sdn 
Bhd – – – 436,345
– Sime Darby Oils International Limited – – – 625,677
(xii) Subscription of ordinary shares
– Sime Darby Oils International Limited– – – 274,667
(xiii) Capital contribution to subsidiary
– Sime Darby Oils International Limited– – – 397,800
(c) Transactions with related parties
(i) Purchase of asset, heavy equipment, spare parts 
and services
– Sime Darby Industrial Sdn Bhd 16,863 22,636 6,208 10,684
– Kubota Malaysia Sdn Bhd 32,553 33,577 22,498 26,331
(ii) Rental expenses
– Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad 11,785 16,582 11,785 16,582
(iii) Sales consideration from land disposal
– Sime Darby Property (Bukit Tunku)  
Sdn Bhd 618,000 – 618,000 –
Sime Darby Plantation  page 230
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 233 ----
45. DISCLOSURES OF SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
 In addition to related party disclosures mentioned elsewhere in the financial statements, set out below are other significant related party transactions: 
(continued)
(d) Transactions with shareholders and Government
 Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”) and the funds managed by its subsidiary, Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad, together owns 55.29% as at 
31  December 2023 (2022: 55.64%) of the issued share capital of the Company. PNB is an entity controlled by the Malaysian Government through 
YPB. The Group considers that, for the purpose of MFRS 124 “Related Party Disclosures”, the Malaysian Government are in the position to exercise 
significant influence over it. As a result, the Malaysian Government and Malaysian Government’s controlled bodies (collectively referred to as 
government related entities) are related parties of the Group and of the Company.
 Apart from the individually significant transactions as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group and the Company have collectively, 
but not individually, significant transactions with other government-related entities which include but not limited to the following:
(i) Purchasing of goods and services, including use of public utilities and amenities; and
(ii) Placement of bank deposits with government-related financial institutions
 All the transactions entered into by the Group and the Company with the government-related entities are conducted in the ordinary course of the 
Group’s and the Company’s businesses on negotiated terms.
(e) Remuneration of key management personnel
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Remuneration of key management personnel
The aggregate amount of emoluments received/
receivable by key management personnel of the 
Group and the Company during the financial year 
are as follows:
– Salaries, fees and other emoluments 33,791 35,714 29,827 32,209
– Defined contribution pension plans 3,930 4,512 3,722 4,334
– Estimated monetary value of benefits by way of 
usage of the Group’s and the Company’s assets 307 310 300 303
38,028 40,536 33,849 36,846
 Key management personnel comprise of Directors and all Plantation Leadership Committee (“PLC”) members having authority and responsibility 
for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group either directly or indirectly.
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 Financial assets of the Group and the Company measured at amortised cost include trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments and goods and 
services tax/value added tax receivable), inter-company receivables and bank balances, deposits and cash. Financial liabilities at amortised cost of the 
Group and the Company include trade and other payables (excluding employee related payables and goods and services tax/value added tax payables), 
inter-company payables, lease liabilities and borrowings.
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies
 The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including foreign currency exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, 
cash flow risk and price risk. The Group’s financial risk management objective is to ensure that the Group creates value for its shareholders. Financial 
risk management is carried out through risk reviews, internal control systems, insurance programmes and adherence to the Group’s financial risk 
management policies. The Board regularly reviews these risks and approves the policies covering the management of these risks. The Group uses 
derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contracts, commodities forwards, futures and options contracts and interest rate 
swaps to hedge certain exposures.
 Whilst all derivatives entered into provide economic hedges to the Group, certain derivatives do not qualify for the application of hedge accounting 
under the specific rules in MFRS 9. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognised in profit or loss, whilst changes in the fair value 
of those derivatives that qualify for cash flow hedge accounting are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Integrated Report 2023 page 231
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 234 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(i) Foreign currency exchange risk
 Where the transacted currencies differ from the Company’s and subsidiaries’ functional currency, the Group is exposed to currency translation 
risk. The risk also extends to purchases denominated in currency other than the Company and the subsidiaries’ functional currency.
 Where possible, the Group will apply natural hedge by selling and purchasing in the same currency. Otherwise, the Group enters into forward 
foreign exchange contracts to limit its exposure on foreign currency receivables and payables, and on cash flows generated from anticipated 
transactions denominated in foreign currencies. These derivatives are normally contracted through centralised treasury in order to achieve 
the benefits of netting within the Group and to manage the cost of hedging effectively.
 The Group’s policy on the extent of a foreign currency transaction or balance to be hedged is dependent on the duration to the settlement 
date. In terms of forecasted transaction, exposure is hedged only if it is expected to be cost effective.
 The Group does not hedge its cash, deposits and borrowings denominated in other than functional currency.
 The Group is also exposed to currency translation risk arising from its net investments in foreign subsidiaries. The investments in foreign 
subsidiaries are not hedged due to the long-term nature of those investments, except for the net investments in NBPOL group whereby the 
foreign currency borrowings related to the acquisition of the subsidiary of USD982.5 million (equivalent to RM4,528.3 million) (2022: USD982.5 
million (equivalent to RM4,342.4 million)) are designated as a natural hedge against the net investment. The foreign currencies exchange 
losses of RM135.7 million (2022: foreign currencies exchange losses of RM208.9 million) in relation to the net investment hedge was adjusted 
to other comprehensive income. There was no ineffectiveness to be recorded from net investment hedge in NBPOL group.
 Currency profile of monetary financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:
GROUP
United
States Dollar
RM’000
European
Union Euro
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Denominated
in functional
currencies
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Assets
Investments at FVOCI (non-current) – – – 23,113 23,113
Trade and other receivables (net)
– non-current – – – 58,224 58,224
– current 206,042 10,895 239,142 1,323,508 1,779,587
Bank balances, deposits and cash 229,010 9,107 67,843 524,422 830,382
Amounts due from related parties – – – 124 124
Derivative assets 11,660 21 4,236 17,722 33,639
446,712 20,023 311,221 1,947,113 2,725,069
Liabilities
Borrowings
– non-current (861,865) – – (2,719,821) (3,581,686)
– current (1,280,245) – – (420,372) (1,700,617)
Lease liabilities
– non-current – – (79,225) (114,742) (193,967)
– current – – (4,492) (21,110) (25,602)
Amounts due to related parties – – (1) (13,676) (13,677)
Trade and other payables
– non-current – – (45,326) (11,371) (56,697)
– current (207,105) (4,270) (196,398) (1,377,371) (1,785,144)
Dividend payable – – – (394,196) (394,196)
Derivative liabilities (13,458) (224) (4,556) (527) (18,765)
(2,362,673) (4,494) (329,998) (5,073,186) (7,770,351)
(1,915,961) 15,529 (18,777) (3,126,073) (5,045,282)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 232
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 235 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(i) Foreign currency exchange risk (continued)
 Currency profile of monetary financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows: (continued)
GROUP
United
States Dollar
RM’000
European
Union Euro
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Denominated
in functional
currencies
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2022
Assets
Investments at FVOCI (non-current) – – – 22,496 22,496
Trade and other receivables (net)
– non-current – – – 34,644 34,644
– current 169,392 19,458 301,065 1,748,235 2,238,150
Bank balances, deposits and cash 70,010 1,589 76,206 487,188 634,993
Amounts due from related parties – – – 424 424
Derivative assets 13,194 262 794 142,648 156,898
252,596 21,309 378,065 2,435,635 3,087,605
Liabilities
Borrowings
– non-current (2,387,395) – – (1,245,292) (3,632,687)
– current (851,582) – – (1,612,219) (2,463,801)
Lease liabilities
– non-current – – (71,612) (75,783) (147,395)
– current – – (3,641) (21,229) (24,870)
Amounts due to related parties – – – (9,886) (9,886)
Trade and other payables
– non-current – – (34,932) (7,763) (42,695)
– current (55,492) (4,330) (198,726) (1,574,622) (1,833,170)
Derivative liabilities (26,899) (885) (300) (33,710) (61,794)
(3,321,368) (5,215) (309,211) (4,580,504) (8,216,298)
(3,068,772) 16,094 68,854 (2,144,869) (5,128,693)
Integrated Report 2023 page 233
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 236 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(i) Foreign currency exchange risk (continued)
 Currency profile of monetary financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows: (continued)
COMPANY
United
States Dollar
RM’000
European
Union Euro
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Denominated
in functional
currencies
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Assets
Investments at FVOCI (non-current) – – – 22,966 22,966
Trade and other receivables (net) 177 – 152 94,423 94,752
Bank balances, deposits and cash 36,642 142 – 63,916 100,700
Amounts due from related parties – – – 79 79
Amounts due from subsidiaries
– non-current 60,309 – – 62,869 123,178
– current 157,526 851 247 837,560 996,184
254,654 993 399 1,081,813 1,337,859
Liabilities
Borrowings
– non-current (861,865) – – (2,196,905) (3,058,770)
– current (722,271) – – (326,090) (1,048,361)
Amounts due to related parties – – – (6,951) (6,951)
Amounts due to subsidiaries (1,262,625) (23,364) (15,783) (595,857) (1,897,629)
Trade and other payables
– non-current – (29,534) – (10) (29,544)
– current (6,406) (5,290) (439) (358,851) (370,986)
Dividend payable – – – (394,196) (394,196)
Derivative liabilities (347) – – – (347)
(2,853,514) (58,188) (16,222) (3,878,860) (6,806,784)
(2,598,860) (57,195) (15,823) (2,797,047) (5,468,925)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 234
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 237 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(i) Foreign currency exchange risk (continued)
 Currency profile of monetary financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows: (continued)
COMPANY
United
States Dollar
RM’000
European
Union Euro
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Denominated
in functional
currencies
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2022
Assets
Investments at FVOCI (non-current) – – – 22,337 22,337
Trade and other receivables (net) 893 – 40,212 84,886 125,991
Bank balances, deposits and cash 48,181 72 – 57,519 105,772
Amounts due from related parties – – – 320 320
Amounts due from subsidiaries
– non-current 362,912 19,578 16,061 109,847 508,398
– current 43,568 2,137 7,614 509,162 562,481
455,554 21,787 63,887 784,071 1,325,299
Liabilities
Borrowings
– non-current (2,387,395) – – (750,000) (3,137,395)
– current (617,689) – – (978,000) (1,595,689)
Lease liabilities
– non-current – – – (5,664) (5,664)
– current – – – (444) (444)
Amounts due to related parties – – – (6,328) (6,328)
Amounts due to subsidiaries (924,881) (18,642) (287,568) (1,016,531) (2,247,622)
Trade and other payables
– non-current – (34,824) – (13) (34,837)
– current (318,166) (5,290) (295) (8,516) (332,267)
(4,248,131) (58,756) (287,863) (2,765,496) (7,360,246)
(3,792,577) (36,969) (223,976) (1,981,425) (6,034,947)
Integrated Report 2023 page 235
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 238 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(i) Foreign currency exchange risk (continued)
 The following table illustrates the effects of changes in exchange rate on the translation of foreign currency monetary items against the 
functional currency at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, both before and after taking into account the hedge instruments. If the 
major currencies strengthened by the following percentage at the end of the financial reporting year, the Group’s and the Company’s profit 
after tax will improve/(decline) by:
GROUP
Strengthened
against
RM by
Net
monetary
item
RM’000
Hedged
RM’000
Impact on profit after tax
Major currency
Before hedge
RM’000
After hedge
RM’000
2023
United States Dollar
– Assets 3% 446,712 151,363 10,185 6,734
– Liabilities 3% (2,362,673) (107,414) (53,869) (51,420)
European Union Euro
– Assets 1% 20,023 2,254 152 135
– Liabilities 1% (4,494) – (34) (34)
2022
United States Dollar
– Assets 1% 252,596 163,168 1,920 680
– Liabilities 1% (3,321,368) (55,492) (25,242) (24,821)
European Union Euro
– Assets 2% 21,309 4,865 324 250
– Liabilities 2% (5,215) – (79) (79)
COMPANY
Strengthened
against
RM by
Net
monetary
item
RM’000
Hedged
RM’000
Impact on profit after tax
Major currency
Before hedge
RM’000
After hedge
RM’000
2023
United States Dollar
– Assets 3% 254,654 – 5,806 5,806
– Liabilities 3% (2,853,514) – (65,060) (65,060)
European Union Euro
– Assets 1% 993 – 8 8
– Liabilities 1% (58,188) – (442) (442)
2022
United States Dollar
– Assets 1% 455,554 – 3,463 3,463
– Liabilities 1% (4,248,131) – (32,286) (32,286)
European Union Euro
– Assets 2% 21,787 – 331 331
– Liabilities 2% (58,756) – (893) (893)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 236
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 239 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(ii) Interest rate risk
 The Group’s and the Company’s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates. Interest 
rate exposure which arises from certain of the Group’s and the Company’s borrowings is managed through the use of floating debt and 
derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are used, where appropriate, to generate the desired interest rate profile.
 The percentages of fixed rate borrowings to the total of borrowings at the end of the financial year are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Total of borrowings 5,282,303 6,096,488 4,107,131 4,733,084
Fixed rate borrowings 512,890 1,011,530 – –
GROUP COMPANY
2023
%
2022
%
2023
%
2022
%
Percentage of fixed rate borrowings over total 
of borrowings 10 17 – –
 As at 31 December 2023, all of the Group’s and the Company’s floating rate borrowings stood at RM4,769.4 million (2022: RM5,084.9 million) 
and RM4,107.1 million (2022: RM4,733.1 million) respectively. The following tables demonstrate the effects of changes in interest rate on 
floating rate borrowings. If the interest rate increased by 0.5% (2022: 0.5%), the Group’s and the Company’s profit after tax will be lower 
by:
GROUP COMPANY
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Profit after tax 18,124 19,323 15,607 17,985
 A 0.5% (2022: 0.5%) decrease in interest rate would have an equal but opposite effect.
Integrated Report 2023 page 237
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 240 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk
 Credit risk arises on sales made on credit terms, derivatives with positive fair value and deposits with banks.
A) Risk management
 The Group and the Company seek to control credit risk by dealing with customers and joint venture partners of appropriate credit 
history and transact and deposit with bank and financial institution with good credit ratings. Third party agencies’ ratings are considered, 
if available. In addition, the customers’ most recent financial statements, payment history and other relevant information are considered 
in the determination of credit risk. Customers are assessed at least annually and more frequently when information on significant 
changes in the customers’ financial position becomes known. Credit terms and limit are set based on the assessment. Where appropriate, 
guarantees or securities are obtained to limit credit risk. Sales to customers are usually suspended when earlier amounts are overdue 
exceeding 180 days.
B) Collateral
 The Group and the Company have a maximum exposure which approximate the carrying amount as stated in the statements of financial 
position less collateral received, mainly related to letters of credit, amounting to RM120.4 million and nil (2022: RM348.5 million and 
RM38.4 million) respectively.
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts
 The Group and the Company assess on a forward looking basis the expected credit loss (“ECL”) associated with its debt instruments 
carried at amortised cost and financial guarantee contracts issued. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk. The Group and the Company have the following financial instruments that are subject to 
the ECL model:
 Measurement of ECL – simplified approach
• Trade receivables
• Intercompany receivables (trade) – inclusive of amounts due from associates, joint ventures, subsidiaries and related parties
 Measurement of ECL – general 3-stage approach
• Intercompany receivables (non-trade) – inclusive of amounts due from subsidiaries
• Advances for plasma plantation projects
• Financial guarantee contracts issued
• Interest receivables
• Other receivables
 While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of MFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was 
immaterial.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 238
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 241 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
 Reconciliation of loss allowance for trade and other receivables, intercompany receivables (trade and non-trade) and advances for 
plasma plantation projects.
GROUP
Note
Trade
receivables
RM’000
Other
receivables
RM’000
Amounts due
from joint
ventures
RM’000
Advances for
plasma
plantation
projects
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 18,196 7,367 52,071 24,975 102,609
Charge for the financial year 6(e) 4,159 1,176 – 881 6,216
Exchange differences (421) (245) – 1,722 1,056
At 31 December 21,934 8,298 52,071 27,578 109,881
2022
At 1 January 13,394 8,313 44,407 22,190 88,304
Charge for the financial year 6(e) 5,309 1,346 7,664 4,124 18,443
Write offs (367) (2,642) – – (3,009)
Reversal for the financial year 7 (12) – – – (12)
Exchange differences (128) 350 – (1,339) (1,117)
At 31 December 18,196 7,367 52,071 24,975 102,609
COMPANY
Note
Trade
receivables
RM’000
Other
receivables
RM’000
Amounts due
from joint
ventures
RM’000
Amounts
due from
 subsidiaries
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
At 1 January 388 1,768 40,000 309,806 351,962
Charge for the financial year 6(e) – – – 7,778 7,778
Write offs – (3) – – (3)
Reversal for the financial year 7 – – – (11,938) (11,938)
At 31 December 388 1,765 40,000 305,646 347,799
2022
At 1 January 755 4,410 40,000 308,430 353,595
Charge for the financial year 6(e) – – – 3,841 3,841
Write offs (367) (2,642) – – (3,009)
Reversal for the financial year 7 – – – (2,465) (2,465)
At 31 December 388 1,768 40,000 309,806 351,962
Integrated Report 2023 page 239
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 242 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
 A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s and the Company’s ECL are as follows:
• Trade receivables using simplified approach
 The ECL rates are based on 5-year historical credit losses experienced by the Group and the Company. The historical loss rates are 
adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to 
settle the receivables. However, based on the Group’s and the Company’s assessment, the ability to collect has minimal correlation 
with macroeconomic factors as these are consumers products. No significant changes to estimation techniques or assumptions 
were made during the reporting year.
 The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of trade receivables for which a loss allowance is recognised 
using simplified approach. The gross carrying amount of trade receivables below also represents the Group’s and the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets:
GROUP
Gross
receivables
RM’000
Expected
credit loss
rate
%
Loss
allowances
RM’000
Carrying
amount
(net of loss
allowance)
RM’000
2023
Upstream
Local customers:
Current 35,099 0.0% – 35,099
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 26,427 0.0% – 26,427
– 31 to 60 days 1,116 0.0% – 1,116
– 61 to 90 days 259 0.0% – 259
– 91 to 180 days – 0.0% – –
– 181 to 360 days 5 0.0% – 5
– more than 360 days 3,855 99.9% (3,851) 4
66,761 (3,851) 62,910
Export customers:
Current 1,781 0.0% – 1,781
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days – 0.0% – –
1,781 – 1,781
Sime Darby Plantation  page 240
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 243 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
• Trade receivables using simplified approach (continued)
 The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of trade receivables for which a loss allowance is recognised 
using simplified approach. The gross carrying amount of trade receivables below also represents the Group’s and the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: (continued)
GROUP
Gross
receivables
RM’000
Expected
credit loss
rate
%
Loss
allowances
RM’000
Carrying
amount
(net of loss
allowance)
RM’000
2023 (continued)
Downstream
Local customers:
Current 409,737 0.0% – 409,737
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 260,480 0.0% (30) 260,450
– 31 to 60 days 100,311 0.0% – 100,311
– 61 to 90 days 38,500 0.0% – 38,500
– 91 to 180 days 19,256 0.1% (16) 19,240
– 181 to 360 days 2,469 45.4% (1,122) 1,347
– more than 360 days 12,210 86.1% (10,512) 1,698
842,963 (11,680) 831,283
Export customers:
Current 362,297 0.0% – 362,297
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 177,959 0.0% (44) 177,915
– 31 to 60 days 5,382 0.0% – 5,382
– 61 to 90 days 3,760 0.0% (1) 3,759
– 91 to 180 days 5,607 0.0% – 5,607
– 181 to 360 days 2,274 80.6% (1,832) 442
– more than 360 days 4,664 97.0% (4,526) 138
561,943 (6,403) 555,540
Integrated Report 2023 page 241
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 244 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
• Trade receivables using simplified approach (continued)
 The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of trade receivables for which a loss allowance is recognised 
using simplified approach. The gross carrying amount of trade receivables below also represents the Group’s and the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: (continued)
GROUP
Gross
receivables
RM’000
Expected
credit loss
rate
%
Loss
allowances
RM’000
Carrying
amount
(net of loss
allowance)
RM’000
2023 (continued)
Other Operations
Local customers:
Current 4,067 0.0% – 4,067
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 2,700 0.0% – 2,700
– 31 to 60 days 1,258 0.0% – 1,258
– 61 to 90 days 363 0.0% – 363
– 91 to 180 days 21 0.0% – 21
– 181 to 360 days 1 0.0% – 1
– more than 360 days – 0.0% – –
8,410 – 8,410
Export customers:
Current – 0.0% – –
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days – 0.0% – –
– 31 to 60 days 1 0.0% – 1
1 – 1
Sime Darby Plantation  page 242
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 245 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
• Trade receivables using simplified approach (continued)
 The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of trade receivables for which a loss allowance is recognised 
using simplified approach. The gross carrying amount of trade receivables below also represents the Group’s and the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: (continued)
GROUP
Gross
receivables
RM’000
Expected
credit loss
rate
%
Loss
allowances
RM’000
Carrying
amount
(net of loss
allowance)
RM’000
2022
Upstream
Local customers:
Current 88,632 0.0% (6) 88,626
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 30,337 1.4% (420) 29,917
– 31 to 60 days 1,288 0.0% – 1,288
– 61 to 90 days 50 0.0% – 50
– 91 to 180 days 130 0.0% – 130
– 181 to 360 days 4,704 75.8% (3,567) 1,137
– more than 360 days 336 100.0% (336) –
125,477 (4,329) 121,148
Export customers:
Current 7 0.0% – 7
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 6,871 0.0% – 6,871
6,878 – 6,878
Integrated Report 2023 page 243
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 246 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
• Trade receivables using simplified approach (continued)
 The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of trade receivables for which a loss allowance is recognised 
using simplified approach. The gross carrying amount of trade receivables below also represents the Group’s and the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: (continued)
GROUP
Gross
receivables
RM’000
Expected
credit loss
rate
%
Loss
allowances
RM’000
Carrying
amount
(net of loss
allowance)
RM’000
2022 (continued)
Downstream
Local customers:
Current 595,426 0.2% (1,219) 594,207
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 341,624 0.0% (146) 341,478
– 31 to 60 days 76,805 0.0% – 76,805
– 61 to 90 days 16,453 3.4% (559) 15,894
– 91 to 180 days 1,345 20.1% (271) 1,074
– 181 to 360 days 1,628 3.2% (52) 1,576
– more than 360 days 11,942 84.2% (10,059) 1,883
1,045,223 (12,306) 1,032,917
Export customers:
Current 625,435 0.0% – 625,435
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 133,099 0.0% (65) 133,034
– 31 to 60 days 7,827 0.0% – 7,827
– 61 to 90 days 2,122 20.1% (427) 1,695
– 91 to 180 days 136 100.0% (136) –
– 181 to 360 days 962 10.3% (99) 863
– more than 360 days 834 100.0% (834) –
770,415 (1,561) 768,854
Sime Darby Plantation  page 244
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 247 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
• Trade receivables using simplified approach (continued)
 The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of trade receivables for which a loss allowance is recognised 
using simplified approach. The gross carrying amount of trade receivables below also represents the Group’s and the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: (continued)
GROUP
Gross
receivables
RM’000
Expected
credit loss
rate
%
Loss
allowances
RM’000
Carrying
amount
(net of loss
allowance)
RM’000
2022 (continued)
Other Operations
Local customers:
Current 1,182 0.0% – 1,182
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 3,189 0.0% – 3,189
– 31 to 60 days 1,207 0.0% – 1,207
– 61 to 90 days 2,396 0.0% – 2,396
– 91 to 180 days 174 0.0% – 174
– 181 to 360 days 4 0.0% – 4
– more than 360 days 1 0.0% – 1
8,153 – 8,153
Export customers:
Current 510 0.0% – 510
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 3,984 0.0% – 3,984
– 31 to 60 days 25 0.0% – 25
4,519 – 4,519
Integrated Report 2023 page 245
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 248 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
• Trade receivables using simplified approach (continued)
 The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of trade receivables for which a loss allowance is recognised 
using simplified approach. The gross carrying amount of trade receivables below also represents the Group’s and the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: (continued)
COMPANY
Gross
receivables
RM’000
Expected
credit loss
rate
%
Loss
allowances
RM’000
Carrying
amount
(net of loss
allowance)
RM’000
2023
Upstream
Local customers:
Current 20,305 0.0% – 20,305
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 473 0.0% – 473
– 31 to 60 days – 0.0% – –
– 61 to 90 days 55 0.0% – 55
– more than 360 days 388 100.0% (388) –
21,221 (388) 20,833
2022
Upstream
Local customers:
Current 30,685 0.0% – 30,685
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 2,646 0.0% – 2,646
– 31 to 60 days 23 0.0% – 23
– 61 to 90 days 10 0.0% – 10
– more than 360 days 388 100.0% (388) –
33,752 (388) 33,364
Export customers:
Past due by:
– 1 to 30 days 803 0.0% – 803
803 – 803
Sime Darby Plantation  page 246
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 249 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iii) Credit risk (continued)
C) Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)
• Intercompany receivables (trade) – inclusive of amounts due from associates, joint ventures, subsidiaries and related parties using 
simplified approach
 Intercompany receivables (trade) represent amounts outstanding arising from sales of goods. In arriving at loss allowance, the same 
assumptions as trade receivables have been applied. As a result, management is of the view that adequate loss allowance has been 
recognised as at the date of reporting.
• Intercompany receivables (non-trade) – inclusive of amounts due from subsidiaries using general 3-stage approach
 The Company provides unsecured advances to subsidiaries and where necessary makes payments for expenses on behalf of its 
subsidiaries. The Company monitors the performance of the subsidiaries regularly.
 Management has assessed the loss allowance for amount due from subsidiaries individually taking into consideration of the financial 
position and the plans in place for the respective subsidiaries. As at the reporting date, management is of the view that adequate 
loss allowance has been recognised.
• Advances for plasma plantation projects using general 3-stage approach
 In Indonesia, oil palm plantation owners/operators are required to participate in selected programs to develop plantations for 
smallholders (herein referred to as “plasma farmers”). The Group is involved in “Perusahaan Inti Rakyat Transmigrasi” and “Kredit 
Koperasi Primer untuk Anggotanya” which require the Group to serve as a contractor for developing the plantations, train and 
develop the skills of the plasma farmers, and purchase the fresh fruit bunches harvested by plasma farmers at prevailing prices 
determined by the Indonesian Government.
 The advances made by the Group in the form of plasma plantation development costs are recoverable from the plasma farmers 
upon the completion of the plasma plantation projects, either from the plasma farmers directly, through the assignment to plasma 
farmers of the loans obtained for the projects or netted-off with the FFB purchased from the plasma farmers. Impairment losses 
are made when the estimated recoverable amounts are less than the outstanding advances.
• Financial guarantee contracts using general 3-stage approach
 The Group is exposed to credit risk arising from financial guarantee contracts given to banks for joint ventures’ and plasma 
stakeholders’ borrowings where the maximum credit risk exposure is the amount of borrowings utilised by the joint ventures or 
plasma stakeholders. Management has reviewed the financial position of the joint ventures and plasma stakeholders as at the 
reporting date and was of the view that the financial guarantee contracts are unlikely to be called by the lenders.
 The Company is exposed to credit risk arising from financial guarantee contracts given to banks for joint ventures’ and subsidiaries’ 
borrowings where the maximum credit risk exposure is the amount of borrowings utilised by the joint ventures and subsidiaries. 
Historically, the Group and the Company have not defaulted in any borrowings and with the stringent monitoring over the treasury 
process, management is of the view that the financial guarantee contracts are unlikely to be called by the joint ventures’ and 
subsidiaries’ lenders.
• Other receivables using general 3-stage approach
 The Group’s and the Company’s net other receivables balances are RM311.6 million and RM62.3 million (2022: RM276.8 million 
and RM81.6 million) respectively as at 31 December 2023. Management has assessed the other receivables which comprises mainly 
of amounts due from brokers, arising from the Group’s trading operations individually and determined that the majority of the 
other receivables and deposits were fully recoverable and adequate loss allowance has been recognised.
Integrated Report 2023 page 247
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 250 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iv) Liquidity and cash flow risks
 Liquidity and cash flow risks are the risks that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting their financial obligations due 
to shortage of funds. The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to these risks arise primarily from the mismatch of maturities of financial 
assets and liabilities. To mitigate these risks to an acceptable level, the Group maintains sufficient cash and marketable securities, and the 
availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities.
 The Group maintains centralised treasury functions where all strategic funding requirements are managed.
 The Company’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by RM2,539.4 million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RM3,392.9 million).
 In considering going concern and liquidity risk, the Directors have reviewed the Company’s cash flow projections for the next 12 months 
from the date of approval of the financial statements. In addition, the Company has undrawn credit facilities of RM2.8 billion (2022: RM1.5 
billion) as at 31 December 2023.
 The Directors therefore believe that the Company will be able to meet its obligations when it is due and fund its operating and anticipated 
capital expenditure having considered the above factors.
 The undiscounted contractual cash flows of the Group’s and the Company’s financial liabilities are as follows:
GROUP
On demand
or within
1 year
RM’000
Between
1 and 2
years
RM’000
Between
2 and 5
years
RM’000
Above 5
years
RM’000
Total
contractual
cash flows
RM’000
Total
carrying
amount
RM’000
2023
Trade and other payables 1,761,309 – – 54,086 1,815,395 1,815,395
Borrowings
– principal 1,700,617 279,023 1,989,774 1,312,889 5,282,303 5,282,303
– interest 57,559 99,445 47,355 29,748 234,107 23,125
Amounts due to related parties 13,677 – – – 13,677 13,677
Lease liabilities 34,544 38,395 62,511 163,017 298,467 219,569
Dividend payable 394,196 – – – 394,196 394,196
Derivatives
Net-settled commodities, 
futures and forward contracts
– payments4,707 – – – 4,707 4,707
3,966,609 416,863 2,099,640 1,559,740 8,042,852 7,752,972
2022
Trade and other payables 1,810,876 – – 39,885 1,850,761 1,850,761
Borrowings
– principal 2,463,801 2,516,477 644,228 471,982 6,096,488 6,096,488
– interest 43,425 51,149 43,149 40,899 178,622 21,630
Amounts due to related parties 9,886 – – – 9,886 9,886
Lease liabilities 30,952 33,191 44,671 131,717 240,531 172,265
Derivatives
Net-settled commodities 
options, futures and forward 
contracts
– payments 34,409 – – – 34,409 34,409
4,393,349 2,600,817 732,048 684,483 8,410,697 8,185,439
Sime Darby Plantation  page 248
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 251 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(iv) Liquidity and cash flow risks (continued)
 The undiscounted contractual cash flows of the Group’s and the Company’s financial liabilities are as follows: (continued)
COMPANY
On demand
or within
1 year
RM’000
Between
1 and 2
years
RM’000
Between
2 and 5
years
RM’000
Above 5
years
RM’000
Total
contractual
cash flows
RM’000
Total
carrying
amount
RM’000
2023
Trade and other payables 349,531 – – – 349,531 349,531
Borrowings
– principal 1,048,361 275,871 1,985,161 797,738 4,107,131 4,107,131
– interest 41,520 84,176 2,250 – 127,946 16,162
Dividend payable 394,196 – – – 394,196 394,196
Intra-group payables 1,904,580 – – – 1,904,580 1,904,580
3,738,188 360,047 1,987,411 797,738 6,883,384 6,771,600
2022
Trade and other payables 318,248 – – – 318,248 318,248
Borrowings
– principal 1,595,689 2,500,667 636,728 – 4,733,084 4,733,084
– interest 20,436 37,062 2,250 – 59,748 8,726
Intra-group payables 2,253,950 – – – 2,253,950 2,253,950
Lease liabilities 855 855 2,565 4,133 8,408 6,108
4,189,178 2,538,584 641,543 4,133 7,373,438 7,320,116
 As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s and the Company’s maximum potential liabilities under financial guarantee contracts amounted to 
RM119.6 million and RM619.9 million respectively (2022: RM149.7 million and RM582.7 million respectively). Financial guarantee contracts 
are assumed to be immediately payable on demand.
(v) Price risk
 The Group and the Company are largely exposed to commodity price risk due to fluctuations in crude palm oil and other palm products 
futures prices.
 The Group and the Company enter into commodities options and futures contracts to minimise exposure to adverse movements in crude 
palm oil and other palm products prices. Certain contracts are entered into and continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery 
of the physical commodity in accordance with the Group’s and the Company’s expected purchase, sale or usage requirements. Contracts that 
are not held for the purpose of physical delivery are accounted for as derivatives and are disclosed in Note 29(b).
Integrated Report 2023 page 249
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 252 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
(v) Price risk (continued)
 The following table contains details of the commodities options and futures contracts that are accounted as derivatives.
(i) Cash flow hedges
Notional
Amount
RM’000
Maturity
period
Months
Tonnage
Tonnes
Average
contract
price per
tonne
RM
GROUP – 2023
Sale contracts 63,911 Less than 12 14,750 4,333
GROUP – 2022
Sale contracts 175,881 Less than 12 36,250 4,852
(ii) Non-hedging derivatives
Notional
Amount
RM’000
Maturity
period
Months
Tonnage
Tonnes
Average
contract
price per
tonne
RM
GROUP – 2023
Sale contracts 367,064 Less than 12 78,896 4,653
Purchase contracts 207,942 Less than 12 59,094 3,519
GROUP – 2022
Sale contracts 803,735 Less than 12 130,419 6,163
Purchase contracts 290,347 Less than 12 69,988 4,149
 There is no derivatives being entered in 2023 and 2022 to hedge the price risk of the Company.
(b) Financial instruments measured at fair value
 In estimating the financial instruments carried at fair value, there are, in general, three different levels which can be defined as follows:
(i) Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
(ii) Level 2 –  Valuation inputs (other than level 1 input) that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
(iii) Level 3 – Valuation inputs that are not based on observable market data.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 250
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 253 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(b) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
 The following table presents the Group’s and the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting 
period based on the three different levels as defined above:
GROUP
Level 1
RM’000
Level 2
RM’000
Level 3
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Financial assets
Investments at FVOCI – – 23,113 23,113
Derivatives
– commodities futures contracts 16,938 – – 16,938
– commodities forward contracts – 5,384 – 5,384
– forward foreign exchange contracts – 11,317 – 11,317
16,938 16,701 23,113 56,752
Financial liabilities
Derivatives
– commodities futures contracts (4,272) – – (4,272)
– commodities forward contracts – (435) – (435)
– forward foreign exchange contracts – (14,058) – (14,058)
(4,272) (14,493) – (18,765)
2022
Financial assets
Investments at FVOCI – – 22,496 22,496
Derivatives
– commodities options and futures contracts 37,490 – – 37,490
– commodities forward contracts – 104,744 – 104,744
– forward foreign exchange contracts – 14,664 – 14,664
37,490 119,408 22,496 179,394
Financial liabilities
Derivatives
– commodities futures contracts (9,575) – – (9,575)
– commodities forward contracts – (24,834) – (24,834)
– forward foreign exchange contracts – (27,385) – (27,385)
(9,575) (52,219) – (61,794)
Integrated Report 2023 page 251
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 254 ----
46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
(b) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
 The following table presents the Group’s and the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting 
period based on the three different levels as defined above: (continued)
COMPANY
Level 1
RM’000
Level 2
RM’000
Level 3
RM’000
Total
RM’000
2023
Financial assets
Investments at FVOCI – – 22,966 22,966
Financial liabilities
Derivatives
– forward foreign exchange contracts – (347) – (347)
2022
Financial assets
Investments at FVOCI – – 22,337 22,337
 If quoted market prices in active markets are available, these are considered Level 1. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is 
determined using market prices for similar assets or present value techniques, applying an appropriate risk-free interest rate adjusted for non-
performance risk. The inputs used in present value techniques are observable and fall into the Level 2 category. It is classified into the Level 3 
category if significant unobservable inputs are used.
 The fair values of derivatives are determined using quoted price of identical instruments from an active market, if available (Level 1). If quoted 
prices are not available, price quoted for similar instruments, appropriately adjusted or present value techniques, based on available market data, 
or option pricing models are used. The fair values obtained using price quotes for similar instruments or valuation techniques represent a Level 2 
input unless significant unobservable inputs are used.
 There were no transfers between the levels of the fair value hierarchy during the financial year.
(c) Financial instruments measured at amortised costs
 The carrying amounts of non-current financial assets and liabilities are measured at amortised cost.
 The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments:
(i) Short-term financial instruments
 The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities with a maturity of less than one year are assumed to approximate their fair values.
(ii) Long-term financial instruments
 The fair value of the Group’s long-term financial instruments approximate their carrying values and it is estimated by discounting the future 
contractual cash flows at the current market rate available to the Group for similar instruments.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 252
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 255 ----
47. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
(a) Capital management objectives
 The Group’s capital management objectives are to ensure the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and maximise shareholder value. This 
is achieved through reviewing and managing its equity, debt and cash. Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company includes share capital, 
reserves and retained earnings.
 The Group seeks to achieve optimal capital structure taking into account returns expected by shareholders, cost of debts, capital expenditure, 
investment opportunities, projected cash flows and externally imposed financial covenants. The Group has consistently paid out around 50% to 
70% of its recurring annual profit attributable to equity holders of the Company as dividends and reinvests the rest. Whilst the current practice 
provides a reasonable balance between expansion and cash dividends, the Group may adjust the dividend payout, equity levels and debt levels to 
achieve the optimal capital structure.
(i) Rating by External Rating Agencies
 The Company and its capital market programmes are rated by both local and international rating agencies:
Rating Agency Company/Programme Rating as at Rating
Malaysian Rating Corporation 
Berhad
RM3.0 billion Perpetual Subordinated Sukuk 
Programme (Perpetual Sukuk) 02.10.2023 AAA
Fitch Ratings Company and the USD1.5 billion Multi-currency 
Sukuk Programme 27.03.2023 BBB
Moody’s Investors Service Company and the USD1.5 billion Multi-currency 
Sukuk Programme 01.09.2022 Baa2
(ii) Gearing ratio and interest cover
 Gearing ratio and interest cover are some of the ratios used in capital management. Gearing ratio is calculated as gross debt divided by total 
equity. Gross debt is calculated as the total of borrowings and amount due to a subsidiary (including “current and non-current” as shown in 
the Company’s statement of financial position). Interest cover is calculated as profit before interest and tax excluding impairment on 
investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures divided by total finance costs (gross).
 The ratios are as follows:
GROUP COMPANY
2023 2022 2023 2022
Gearing ratio (%) 25.9 32.1 32.0 43.8
Interest cover (times) 8.6 17.9 7.0 5.8
(b) Externally imposed financial covenants and capital structure
 In addition to optimising capital structure and complying with externally imposed financial covenants, the Group is also required to comply with 
statutory requirements in certain countries where the Group operates. This includes minimum capital requirement and the requirement to maintain 
legal reserves which are non-distributable.
 The Group was in compliance with externally imposed financial covenants and capital requirements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022.
Integrated Report 2023 page 253
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 256 ----
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
(i) Subsidiaries which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Agri Sumber Prestari Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Supply of local manpower and related 
services to agriculture industry
Chartquest Sdn Bhd Malaysia 61.1 61.1 1 Cultivation of oil palm
Chermang Development (Malaya) 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 83.9 83.9 1 Investment holding
Consolidated Plantations Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Guthrie Agri Bio Sdn Bhd (formerly 
known as Sime Darby Plantation 
Agri-Bio Sdn Bhd)
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and marketing of rat baits 
and trading of agricultural related 
products
Guthrie Agro Tech Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Engage in agricultural mechanisation and 
commercialisation of prototype machines 
and equipment
Guthrie Industries Malaysia 
Sendirian Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
Guthrie International Investments 
(L) Ltd
Labuan, Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Kumpulan Jelei Sendirian Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Mostyn Palm Processing Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Sanguine (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Cultivation of oil palm
Sime Darby Plantation Austral 
Holdings Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Sime Darby Oils Bintulu Sdn Bhd Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1 Processing of palm oil and palm kernel oil
Sime Darby Oils Biodiesel Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Production and sale of biodiesel and related 
products
Sime Darby Plantation 
Biotechnology Lab Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Provision of oil palm tissue culture services
Sime Darby Plantation Consulting 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Sime Darby Oils Nutrition Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing of Palm Tocotrienol 
Vitamin  E
Sime Darby Oils North America Inc. United States 100.0 100.0 4 Marketing of vegetables oil and fat products 
and provision of technical product 
support
Sime Darby Oils Pasir Gudang 
Refinery Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding and processing of edible 
oil and related products
Sime Darby Oils Professional  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Distribution and marketing of cooking oil, 
tocotrienols and palm related products
Sime Darby Plantation  page 254
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 257 ----
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Sime Darby Oils Trading Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Trading of crude palm oil and palm oil 
products and as sub-marketing agent of 
commodities for its related companies
Sime Darby Oils Trading (Labuan) 
Limited
Labuan, Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Trading of commodities
Sime Darby Plantation Childcare 
Centre Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Operating childcare services to employees
Sime Darby Plantation Ecogardens 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Business of owning, operating and managing 
rest/guest house, cafeterias/canteens and 
renting of conventional and recreational 
facilities
Sime Darby Plantation Intellectual 
Property Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Acquiring, developing and investing in 
trademarks, patents and intellectual 
property rights
Sime Darby Plantation Land Holding 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Investment holding
Sime Darby Plantation Land  
(Bukit Pelanduk) Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Land holding
Sime Darby Plantation Land 
(Sepang) Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Land holding
Sime Darby Plantation Land  
(Tanah Merah) Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Land holding
Sime Darby Plantation Land  
(Carey Island) Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Land holding
Sime Darby Plantation Land 
(Scarborough) Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Land holding
Sime Darby Plantation Latex  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment property company
Sime Darby Plantation Research  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Research and development services to group 
companies in relation to tropical 
agriculture
Sime Darby Plantation Renewable 
Energy Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Renewable energy business covering biogas, 
solar and biomass projects
Sime Darby Plantation Seeds & 
Agricultural Services Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Agricultural research and advisory services, 
production and sale of oil palm seeds and 
seedlings
Sime Darby Plantation (Sabah)  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
Sime Darby Plantation (Sarawak) 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(i) Subsidiaries which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Integrated Report 2023 page 255
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 258 ----
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Sime Darby Plantation Technology 
Centre Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Research and development services in 
biotechnology and agriculture
Sime Darby Plantation Thailand  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
The China Engineers (Malaysia)  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
Wangsa Mujur Sdn Bhd Malaysia 72.5 72.5 1 Cultivation of oil palm
PT Aneka Intipersada Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Aneka Sawit Lestari Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Production and sale of oil palm planting 
materials
PT Anugerah Sumbermakmur Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
PT Asricipta Indah Indonesia 90.0 90.0 2 Investment holding
PT Bahari Gembira Ria Indonesia 99.97 99.97 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Bersama Sejahtera Sakti Indonesia 91.12 91.12 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Bhumireksa Nusasejati Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Bina Sains Cemerlang Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Budidaya Agrolestari Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm
PT Sime Darby Oils Pulau Laut 
Refinery
Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Processing of palm oil products
PT Guthrie Pecconina Indonesia Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Indotruba Tengah Indonesia 50.0 50.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Kartika Inti Perkasa Indonesia 60.0 60.0 2 Investment holding
PT Kridatama Lancar Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Laguna Mandiri Indonesia 88.6 88.6 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil, palm kernel and palm kernel oil
PT Lahan Tani Sakti Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Langgeng Muaramakmur Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(i) Subsidiaries which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 256
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 259 ----
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
PT Minamas Gemilang Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
PT Muda Perkasa Sakti Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
PT Padang Palma Permai Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Paripurna Swakarsa Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Perkasa Subur Sakti Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Processing of palm oil and palm kernel
PT Perusahaan Perkebunan Industri 
dan Niaga Sri Kuala
Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm
PT Sandika Natapalma Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Sime Darby Oils International 
Indonesia
Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding, trade and services
PT Sime Darby Oils Utama Indonesia Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding, trade and services
PT Guthrie Agri Bio (formerly known 
as PT Sime Darby Plantation Agri 
Bio)
Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Trading of agricultural related products
PT Sime Darby Oils Indonesia Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Provision of procurement, marketing and 
sale of edible oils
PT Sedjahtera Indo Agro Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Sritijaya Abaditama Indonesia 60.0 60.0 2 Investment holding
PT Swadaya Andika Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Tamaco Graha Krida Indonesia 90.0 90.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Teguh Sempurna Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
PT Tunggal Mitra Plantations Indonesia 60.0 60.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil and palm kernel
Kula Palm Oil Limited Papua New 
Guinea
100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil, palm kernel and palm kernel oil
New Britain Palm Oil Limited Papua New 
Guinea
100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding, cultivation of oil palm 
and processing of palm oil, palm kernel 
and palm kernel oil
Poliamba Limited Papua New 
Guinea
100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil, palm kernel and palm kernel oil
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(i) Subsidiaries which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Integrated Report 2023 page 257
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 260 ----
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Ramu Agri-Industries Limited Papua New 
Guinea
100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and growing canes, 
cattle rearing, processing and sale of palm 
oil, palm kernel oil, sugar, ethanol and 
beef
Markham Farming Company Limited Papua New 
Guinea
100.0 100.0 2 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil, palm kernel, palm kernel oil and 
coconut
Guadalcanal Plains Palm Oil Limited Solomon Islands 80.0 80.0 3 Cultivation of oil palm and processing of 
palm oil, palm kernel and palm kernel oil
New Britain Plantation Services  
Pte. Ltd.
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding and management of oil 
palm plantations and seed production
Sime Darby Oils Carey Island KCP 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Processing of palm kernel and related 
products and export and import of palm 
kernel oil, expellers and its derivatives
Sime Darby Oils Commodities  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Trading of crude palm oil and palm oil 
products and as sub-marketing agent of 
commodities for its related companies
Sime Darby Oils Langat Refinery 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Processing and sales of edible oil and 
related products
Sime Darby Oils (PNG) Limited Papua New 
Guinea
100.0 – 1 Manufacturing and production of refining 
palm oil and other products from crude 
palm oils and palm kernel oils
Sime Darby Oils Port Klang Refinery 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Processing of edible oil and related products
Sime Darby Oils Trading Private 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Trading of palm oil, coconut oil and other 
edible oils
Ultra Oleum Pte. Ltd. Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Oils Liverpool Refinery 
Limited
United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 3 Refining of crude palm oil
Sime Darby Oils International 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Management consultancy services and 
investment holding
Sime Darby Oils Singapore Limited Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Plantation Investment 
(Liberia) Private Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Plantation China Oils 
And Fats Company Limited
Hong Kong SAR 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Plantation Hong Kong 
Nominees Limited
Hong Kong SAR 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Oils Nonthaburi Co., 
Ltd
Thailand 99.9 99.9 2 Processing of soya bean oil and related 
products
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(i) Subsidiaries which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 258
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 261 ----
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Sime Darby Oils Morakot Public 
Company Limited
Thailand 99.9 99.9 2 Processing and marketing of edible oil and 
related products
Sime Darby Oils Holdings (Thailand) 
Limited
Thailand 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
The China Engineers (Thailand) 
Limited
Thailand 99.9 99.9 2 Investment holding
SD Plantation International 
Investments Limited
Cayman Islands 100.0 100.0 4 Investment holding
Golden Hope Overseas Capital Mauritius 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Mulligan International B.V. Netherlands 100.0 100.0 4 Investment holding and provision of 
employee services to group companies in 
the Netherlands
Sime Darby Oils Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 100.0 100.0 4 Investment holding
Sime Darby Oils Zwijndrecht 
Refinery B.V.
Netherlands 100.0 100.0 2 Refining and modification of vegetable oils, 
selling and marketing of edible oils and 
related products
Sime Darby Oils Europe B.V. Netherlands 100.0 100.0 2 Trading of crude and processed vegetable 
oils, raw material procurement, logistics 
and management of operational risk 
within the Group
Sime Darby Oils Speciality 
Ingredients B.V.
Netherlands 100.0 100.0 2 Acquiring, processing, producing and selling 
of special ingredients for use in food, 
feed, nuritional, pharmaceutical and 
cosmetical industry and consumer market
Sime Darby Oils South Africa (Pty) 
Ltd.
South Africa 100.0 100.0 2 Refining and marketing of edible oil related 
products
PT Sime Darby Oils Sei Mangkei 
Refinery
Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Industry Separation/Fractionation Crude Oil
PT Sime Darby Plantation 
Commodities Trading
Indonesia 100.0 100.0 2 Wholesale trade of fruit-containing oil
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(i) Subsidiaries which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Integrated Report 2023 page 259
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 262 ----
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(ii) Joint ventures which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Name of company
Country of
business 2023 2022 Auditors Principal activities
Emery Oleochemicals UK Limited United Kingdom 50.0 50.0 3 Distribution of specialty chemical products
SD Plantation TNB Renewables  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 51.0 51.0 1 Production and sale of renewable energy 
using palm oil effluents
Guangzhou Keylink Chemicals Co. 
Ltd.
China 49.0 49.0 3 Manufacturing of surface active agents
Rizhao Sime Darby Oils & Fats Co. 
Ltd.
China 45.0 45.0 4 Storage and marketing of palm oil related 
products
(iii) Associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Barlow Bulking Sdn Bhd Malaysia 32.0 32.0 3 Provision of bulking and marketing facilities 
for edible oil producers and millers
Nescaya Maluri Sdn Bhd Malaysia 40.0 40.0 3 Investment holding and licensing
Muang Mai Guthrie Public Company 
Limited
Thailand 49.0 49.0 3 Processing of and distribution of rubber
Thai Eastern Trat Co., Ltd. Thailand 40.0 40.0 2 Processing of palm oil and palm kernel
Yayasan Sime Darby Malaysia @ @ 1 Administration of scholarship awards and 
educational loans, undertake sports, 
environmental conservation and 
sustainability projects
Dongguan Sime Darby Sinograin 
Oils and Fats Co., Ltd
China 37.0 37.0 3 Sale of palm oils & fats and other related 
products
Sime Darby Plantation  page 260
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 263 ----
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(iv) Subsidiaries which are dormant/inactive as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Derawan Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Kumpulan Jerai Sendirian Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Kumpulan Linggi Sendirian Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Kumpulan Sua Betong Sdn Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Kumpulan Tebong Sdn Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Kumpulan Temiang Sdn Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Sahua Enterprise Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Bukit Talang Smallholders Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Sime Darby Plantation (Peninsular) 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Golden Hope Overseas Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
PT Guthrie Abdinusa Industri Indonesia 70.0 70.0 2 Dormant
Sime Darby Edible Products 
Tanzania Limited
Tanzania 100.0 100.0 4 Dormant
Trolak Estates Limited Scotland 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
Dusun Durian Plantations Limited United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
Kinta Kellas Rubber Estate Plc. United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
Malaysian Estates Plc. United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
The Kuala Selangor Rubber Plc. United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
The London Asiatic Rubber and 
Produce Company Limited
United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
The Pataling Rubber Estates Limited United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
The Straits Plantations Limited United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
The Sungei Bahru Rubber Estates 
Plc.
United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 5 Dormant
Sime Darby Oils CleanerG B.V. Netherlands 100.0 100.0 4 Dormant
Sime Darby Plantation Global 
Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Dormant
Integrated Report 2023 page 261
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 264 ----
48. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
(v) Subsidiaries placed under members’ voluntary liquidation/deregistered are as follows:
Country of
incorporation/
Principal place
of business
Group’s effective 
interest (%)
AuditorsName of company 2023 2022 Principal activities
Eminent Platform Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 4 In members’ voluntary liquidation
Golden Hope Agrotech Consultancy 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 4 In members’ voluntary liquidation
Golden Hope Fruit Industries  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 4 In members’ voluntary liquidation
Nature Ambience Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 4 In members’ voluntary liquidation
Sime Darby Plantation Cameroon 
Ltd.
Cameroon 100.0 100.0 4 In members’ voluntary liquidation
Sime Darby Oils & Fats Sdn Bhd Malaysia – 100.0 4 Liquidated
Notes:
1. Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia.
2. Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are audited by member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, which are separate and independent legal 
entities from PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia.
3. Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are audited by firms other than member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited.
4. No legal requirement to appoint statutory auditors.
5. Subsidiaries which are exempted from having their financial statements audited in UK pursuant to exemption available under section 480 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
+ Notwithstanding that the Group holds more than 50% equity interest in SD Plantation TNB Renewables Sdn Bhd, the investment is classified as a joint venture (and not a 
subsidiary) as significant decisions require unanimous consent from all its shareholders.
@ Yayasan Sime Darby is a company without share capital, limited by guarantee.
49. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 The financial statements have been approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on 23  April 2024.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 262
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
14-19 20-31 32-854-13

---- Page 265 ----
We, Tan Sri Dr Nik Norzrul Thani Nik Hassan Thani and Datuk Mohamad Helmy Othman Basha, two of the Directors of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad, do 
hereby state that, in the opinion of the Directors, the financial statements set out on pages 143 to 262 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the 
financial position of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2023 and of the financial performance of the Group and the Company for the financial 
year ended on that date in accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of 
the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 23 April 2024.
 
TAN SRI DR NIK NORZRUL THANI NIK HASSAN THANI  DATUK MOHAMAD HELMY OTHMAN BASHA
DIRECTOR DIRECTOR
Selangor
23 April 2024
I, Renaka Ramachandran, the Officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare 
that the financial statements set out on pages 143 to 262 are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, correct and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously 
believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act 1960.
RENAKA RAMACHANDRAN
OFFICER
Subscribed and solemnly declared by the abovenamed Renaka Ramachandran at Selangor, Malaysia on 23 April 2024.
Before me,
COMMISSIONER FOR OATHS
Integrated Report 2023 page 263
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284
Statutory Declaration
pursuant to Section 251(1) of the Companies Act 2016
Statement by Directors
pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016

---- Page 266 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our opinion
In our opinion, the financial statements of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) give a true and fair view of the 
financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2023, and of their financial performance and their cash flows for the financial year 
then ended in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies 
Act 2016 in Malaysia.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, which comprise the statements of financial position as at 31 December 2023 of 
the Group and of the Company, and the statements of profit or loss, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements 
of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy 
information, as set out on pages 143 to 262.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements” section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence and other ethical responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and Practice) of the Malaysian Institute 
of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including 
International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA 
Code.
Our audit approach
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company. In particular, we considered where the Directors made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that 
involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management 
override of internal controls, including among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement 
due to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the financial statements as a whole, taking into 
account the structure of the Group and of the Company, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group and the Company operate.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 264
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Registration No. 200401009263 (647766-V)

---- Page 267 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the Group and 
of the Company for the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment assessment of the carrying value of the goodwill arising from 
the New Britain Palm Oil Limited (“NBPOL”) acquisition
Refer to Notes 4(a) and 22(i) to the financial statements.
The intangible assets of the Group include goodwill of RM2,341.4 million 
which arose from the acquisition of NBPOL group during the financial year 
ended 30 June 2015.
The goodwill was partly allocated to PT Minamas Gemilang and its subsidiaries 
(“Minamas Group”) cash generating unit (“CGUs”) as the Minamas Group 
operations are expected to benefit from the additional planting material 
synergies arising from the acquisition of NBPOL.
In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy, the Group undertakes an 
impairment assessment of goodwill on an annual basis or more frequently 
whenever events or circumstances occur indicate that an impairment may 
exist.
Management performed impairment assessments of the two CGUs based on 
the value-in-use (“VIU”) determined using discounted cash flow models, 
which were approved by the Directors. A range of sensitivity analysis was 
also performed by management.
We focussed on the recoverability of the carrying amount of goodwill due 
to the significance of the amount and significant judgement involved in 
determining the key assumptions used to derive the recoverable amounts of 
the CGUs, comprising the projection period, fresh fruit bunches (“FFB”) 
yields, crude palm oil (“CPO”) selling prices and the discount rates as disclosed 
in Note 22 (i) to the financial statements.
Based on management’s assessment, no impairment was required as the 
recoverable amounts exceeded the carrying amount of goodwill in the two 
CGUs as at 31 December 2023.
We performed the following audit procedures in relation to the impairment 
assessment of the carrying value of goodwill:
1. Evaluated the reasonableness of the key assumptions used by 
management in the approved cash flow projections by:
a) agreeing the projection period to the remaining lease period for 
the respective CGUs; and
b) comparing the FFB yields and CPO selling prices to historical 
results, forecasted commodity prices and industry data where 
appropriate.
2. Assessed the reliability of management’s cash flow projections by 
comparing the Group’s previous years’ forecasted results against past 
trends of actual results.
3. Involved our valuation experts to independently assess the discount 
rates used in determining the recoverable amounts of the respective 
CGUs, and determined whether the change in the discount rates used 
compared to the rates used in the previous financial year is reasonable.
4. Assessed the appropriateness of sensitivity analysis performed by 
management, including the disclosures of a reasonable possible change 
in the key assumptions and the corresponding effect on the respective 
recoverable amounts by re-performing the sensitivity analysis.
5. Checked the mathematical accuracy of the VIU cash flows.
Based on the above procedures, we did not note any material exception to 
management’s assessment of the recoverability of the Group’s carrying 
amount of goodwill arising from the acquisition of NBPOL as at 31 December 
2023.
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to report for the Company.
Integrated Report 2023 page 265
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 268 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Directors’ Report and the remaining sections of 
the 2023 Annual Report of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad, but does not include the financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors’ 
report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing 
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. 
We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company that give a true and fair view 
in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in 
Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements 
of the Group and of the Company that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors 
either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but 
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgement 
and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
(a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
(b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not 
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and of the Company’s internal control.
(c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.
Sime Darby Plantation  page 266
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Key Messages
14-19 20-31 32-854-13
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Registration No. 200401009263 (647766-V)

---- Page 269 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued)
(d) Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a 
material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s or on the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in 
the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on 
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease 
to continue as a going concern.
(e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, including the disclosures, and 
whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation.
(f) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an 
opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any 
significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with 
them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats 
or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the 
Group and of the Company for the current financial year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless 
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have not acted as auditors, are 
disclosed in Note 48 to the financial statements.
OTHER MATTERS
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia and for no other 
purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS PLT GAN WEE FONG
LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146  03253/01/2025 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Kuala Lumpur
23 April 2024
Integrated Report 2023 page 267
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional
Information
86-93 94-101 102-137 138-267 268-284

---- Page 270 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of 
acquisition
Age of 
building 
(Years)+ Description
Net book 
value
(RM million)
UPSTREAM PROPERTIES
Malaysia
Kedah Darul Aman
Anak Kulim, Bukit Hijau, Bukit 
Selarong, Jentayu, Padang 
Buluh, Somme, Sungai Dingin
Freehold 18,741 1978-2006 18 Oil palm and rubber 
estates and a palm oil 
mill
411
Bukit Hijau Leasehold 
expiring
2068
9 2006 – Rubber estate ^
Perak Darul Ridzuan
Bagan Datoh, Bikam, 
Chersonese, Cluny, Elphil, 
Flemington, Holyrood, 
Kalumpong, Kamuning, Kinta 
Kellas, Sabrang, Selaba, Seri 
Intan, Sogomana, Sungai Samak, 
Sungei Wangi, Tali Ayer
Freehold 36,690 1978-2001 14-30 Oil palm and rubber 
estates and 5 palm oil 
mills
1,168
Chersonese, Cluny, Kalumpong, 
Kamuning, Kinta Kellas, 
Sogomana, Sungai Samak, Tali 
Ayer
Leasehold 
expiring 
2035-2897
5,446 1978-1987 – Oil palm estates 74
Pahang Darul Makmur
Chenor, Jabor, Jentar, Kerdau, 
Mentakab, Sungai Mai
Freehold 9,315 1985-2006 27 Oil palm estates and  
2 palm oil mills
325
Bukit Puteri, Chenor, Kerdau, 
Sungai Mai
Leasehold 
expiring
2057-2086
10,621 1985-1992 17-27 Oil palm estates and a 
palm oil mill
118
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Banting, Bestari Jaya, Bukit 
Cheraka, Bukit Kerayong, Bukit 
Lagong, Bukit Rotan, Bukit 
Talang, Dusun Durian, East 
Carey Island, Sabak Bernam, 
Sepang, Sungai Buloh, Teluk 
Panglima Garang, Tennamaram, 
West Carey Island
Freehold 35,140 1978-2013 6-32 Oil palm estates, 
4 palm oil mills, 
biodiesel and kernel 
crushing plants, rat 
bait factory, 
laboratories, research 
centres, warehouse 
and a training centre
1,297
East Carey Island, Port Klang, 
Sungai Buloh, Tennamaram
Leasehold 
expiring 
2029-2086
170 1978-2010 47 Oil palm estates and a 
bulking plant
18
Sime Darby Plantation  page 268
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13
Properties of the Group
As at 31 December 2023

---- Page 271 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of 
acquisition
Age of 
building 
(Years)+ Description
Net book 
value
(RM million)
UPSTREAM PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
Malaysia (continued)
Negeri Sembilan Darul Khusus
Bradwall, Bukit Pelandok, Bukit 
Pilah, Kok Foh, Labu, P.D. Lukut, 
Pertang, Salak, Sengkang, Siliau, 
Sungai Gemas, Sungai Sabaling, 
St Helier, Sua Betong, Sungai 
Bharu, Tampin Linggi, Tanah 
Merah
Freehold 36,019 1978-2009 11-26 Oil palm and rubber 
estates, 4 palm oil 
mills, laboratories and 
a research centre
804
Kok Foh,  Sungai Bharu Leasehold 
expiring 
2034-2072
146 1982-1993 – Oil palm estates 2
Melaka
Bukit Asahan, Diamond Jubilee, 
Kempas, Kemuning, Serkam
Freehold 14,724 1978-2011 16-24 Oil palm estates and 2 
palm oil mills
309
Bukit Asahan, Diamond Jubilee, 
Kempas, Kemuning, Serkam
Leasehold 
expiring 
2025-2071
470 1982-1992 – Oil palm estate 2
Johor Darul Takzim
Batu Anam, Bukit Badak, Bukit 
Benut, Bukit Paloh, CEP Nyior, 
CEP Renggam, Cha’ah, Gunung 
Mas, Hadapan, Kempas Klebang, 
Kulai, Lambak, Lanadron, 
Layang, Muar River, New Pagoh, 
North Labis, Pagoh, Pengkalan 
Bukit, Sembrong, Seri Pulai, 
Sungai Senarut, Sungai Simpang 
Kiri, Tangkah, Tun Dr. Ismail, Ulu 
Remis, Welch, Yong Peng
Freehold 54,207 1978-2012 6-27 Oil palm and rubber 
estates, 4 palm oil 
mills, laboratories and 
a research centre
1,537
Cenas, CEP Nyior, Cha’ah, 
Lanadron, Layang, Muar River, 
Pekan, Sembrong, Sungai 
Senarut, Sungai Simpang Kiri, 
Ulu Remis
Leasehold 
expiring 
2068-2918
18,611 1978-2012 27-31 Oil palm estates and 2 
palm oil mills
237
Sabah
Binuang, Bombalai, Giram, Imam, 
Jeleta Bumi, Kunak, Melalap, 
Merotai, Mostyn, Sandakan Bay, 
Sapong, Segaliud, Sentosa, 
Sungang, Table, Tiger, Tigowis, 
Tingkayu, Tun Tan Siew Sin, 
Tunku
Leasehold 
expiring 
2038-2940
53,645 1978-1983 16-37 Oil palm estates, 
5 palm oil mills, a 
bulking plant,  
laboratories and a 
research centre
1,522
Integrated Report 2023 page 269
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 272 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of 
acquisition
Age of 
building 
(Years)+ Description
Net book 
value
(RM million)
UPSTREAM PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
Malaysia (continued)
Sarawak
Bayu, Belian, Chartquest, Damai, 
Derawan, Dulang, Kelida, 
Lavang, Paroh, Pekaka, Rajawali, 
Rasan, Ruai, Sahua, Samudera, 
Semarak, Takau
Leasehold 
expiring 
2045-2082
46,999 1990-2004 20-28 Oil palm estates, 
4 palm oil mills, 
laboratories and a 
research centre 
1,048
Upstream Malaysia Properties 340,953 8,872
Indonesia
Kalimantan – West
Awatan, Beturus, East, Karya 
Palma, Kelampai, Lembiru, 
Pelanjau, Sei Mawang, Sungai 
Putih, West
Leasehold 
expiring 
2030- 2053
36,880 2001-2013 12-21 Oil palm estates,
2 palm oil mills and a 
bulking plant
312
Kalimantan – Central
Baras Danum, Batang Garing, 
Hatan Tiring, Kawan Batu, Kuala 
Kuayan, Pemantang, Sapiri, 
Sekunyir, Seruyan, Sukamandang
Leasehold 
expiring 
2033-2034
39,116 2001-2018 15-26 Oil palm estates, 
3 palm oil mills, a 
bulking plant and a 
kernel crushing plant
470
Kalimantan – South
Bakau, Banjarbaru, Bebunga, 
Betung, Binturung, Gunung Aru, 
Gunung Kemasan, Lanting, Laut 
Timur, Matalok, Pantai Bonati, 
Pantai Timur, Pondok Labu, 
Rampa, Randi, Rantau, Sangkoh, 
Sekayu, Selabak, Sesulung, 
Sungai Cengal
Leasehold 
expiring 
2032-2054
72,767 2001-2012 6-27 Oil palm estates, 
5 palm oil mills, 
2 bulking plants and a 
kernel crushing plant
1,622
Sulawesi – Central
Ungkaya Leasehold 
expiring 2024
4,712 2001-2011 11-28 Oil palm estate, a 
palm oil mill and a 
bulking plant
106
Sumatera – Jambi
Panjang Leasehold 
expiring 
2038-2053
4,000 2001-2007 15 Oil palm estate and a 
palm oil mill
38
Sumatera – South
Bumi Ayu, Bukit Pinang, Karang 
Ringin, Mangun Jaya, Napal, 
Rantau Panjang, Sungai Jernih, 
Sungai Pinang
Leasehold 
expiring 
2033-2034
21,075 2001-2002 20-22 Oil palm estates and 2 
palm oil mills
375
Sime Darby Plantation  page 270
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13
Properties of the Group
As at 31 December 2023 (continued)

---- Page 273 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of 
acquisition
Age of 
building 
(Years)+ Description
Net book 
value
(RM million)
UPSTREAM PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
Indonesia (continued)
Sumatera – East Aceh
Batang Ara, Blang Simpo 1 & 2, 
Tamiang
Leasehold 
expiring 
2027-2037
8,742 2001-2008 25-40 Oil palm estates and a 
oil palm mill
162
Sumatera – Riau
Alur Damai, Aneka Persada, 
Mandah, Menggala 1 – 3, Nusa 
Lestari, Nusa Persada, 
Pekanbaru, Pinang Sebatang, 
Rotan Semelur, Teluk Bakau, 
Teluk Siak
Leasehold 
expiring 
2031-2036
54,835 2001-2015 9-27 Oil palm estates, 
5 palm oil mills and a 
research centre
1,100
Upstream Indonesia Properties 242,127 4,185
Papua New Guinea
West New Britain, Morobe, Oro, 
Milne Bay, New Ireland, 
Markham Valley
Leasehold 
expiring 
2052-2115
138,475 2018-2023 3-50 Oil palm estates, a 
sugarcane, plantation, 
grazing, pastures, a 
refinery, 2 biogas 
plants, a sugar factory, 
12 palm oil mills, 6 
kernel crushing plants, 
and 2 abattoirs
3,415
Solomon Islands
Guadalcanal Leasehold 
expiring 
2043-2065
8,315 2015 7-17 Oil palm estates, a 
palm oil mill and a 
kernel crushing plant
315
Upstream Properties 729,870 16,787
DOWNSTREAM AND OTHERS PROPERTIES
Malaysia
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Teluk Panglima GarangFreehold 2 2012 – Vacant land 4
North Port Edible Oil Refinery 
Complex, Teluk Panglima Garang
Leasehold 
expiring 
2076-2105
17 2006-2012 12-14 Refineries 128
Johor Darul Takzim
Pasir Gudang Leasehold 
expiring 
2035-2043
6 1974-1985 47 Refinery 15
Integrated Report 2023 page 271
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 274 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of 
acquisition
Age of 
building 
(Years)+ Description
Net book 
value
(RM million)
DOWNSTREAM AND OTHERS PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
Sarawak
Kawasan Perindustrian Kidurong, 
Bintulu
Leasehold 
expiring 2072
14 2004 9-15 Refinery and a kernal 
crushing plant
25
Downstream and Others 
Properties – Malaysia 39 172
Overseas
Indonesia
Desa Sei Taib, Kecamatan Pulau 
Laut, Kalimantan
Leasehold 
expiring 2044
32 2014 8-9 Refinery 123
Sumatera North Leasehold 
expiring 2052
16 2022 – Refinery 42
Thailand
Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok Freehold – 1986-2011 5-34 Office buildings 5
Poochaosamingprai Road, Samut 
Prakan
Freehold 5 1986 3-34 2 Refineries 30
Tiwanon Road, Nonthaburi Freehold 13 2014 37-42 Crushing and refining 
plant and office 
building
91
The Netherlands
Lindtsedijk, Zwijndrecht Freehold 11 2022 9-91 Refinery and a 
research centre
152
South Africa
Boksburg Leasehold 
expiring 2026
1 2004 11 Refinery ^
United Kingdom
Liverpool Leasehold 
expiring 2034
3 2015 8-13 Refinery and office 
building
92
Papua New Guinea
Markham Valley, Madang, Buka Leasehold 
expiring 2083
1 2018 6-13 2 copra mills 165
Downstream and Others 
Properties – Overseas
82 700
Downstream and Others 
Properties
121 872
Sime Darby Plantation  page 272
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13
Properties of the Group
As at 31 December 2023 (continued)

---- Page 275 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of 
acquisition
Age of 
building 
(Years)+ Description
Net book 
value
(RM million)
GENERAL
Malaysia
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Plantation Tower 
Oasis, Ara Damansara
Freehold 2 2012 9 Office complex 234
Negeri Sembilan Darul Khusus
Port Dickson Freehold 3 2018 28-64 Holiday bungalow 5
Pahang Darul Makmur
Cameron HighlandsLeasehold 
expiring 
2026-2082
2 2018 36-93 Holiday bungalow 8
Plantation Properties - General 7 247
Total Plantation Properties 729,998 17,906
+ The age of building is in respect of the building, mill and plant
^ NBV less than RM1 million
Integrated Report 2023 page 273
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 276 ----
Total Number of Issued Shares  : 6,915,714,601 
Class of Shares   : Ordinary Shares 
Voting Rights   : One vote per ordinary share in the case of a poll and one vote per person on a show of hand
Size of Shareholdings No. of Shareholders % of Shareholders No. of Shares Held % of Issued Shares
Less than 100 2,956 12.26 69,884 0.00
100 to 1,000 5,915 24.54 3,538,442 0.05
1,001 to 10,000 11,368 47.15 37,739,737 0.55
10,001 to 100,000 2,997 12.43 82,129,170 1.19
100,001 to less than 5% of issued capital 871 3.61 2,552,693,863 36.91
5% and above of issued capital 3 0.01 4,239,543,505 61.30
Total 24,110 100.00 6,915,714,601 100.00
Classification of Shareholders No. of Shareholders % of Shareholders No. of Shares Held % of Issued Shares
Individuals 19,346 81.97 117,578,632 1.70
Banks/Finance Companies 62 0.26 4,457,270,761 64.45
Investment Trusts/Foundations/Charities 19 0.08 1,842,134 0.03
Industrial and Commercial Companies 502 2.13 67,031,942 0.97
Government Agencies/Institutions 1 0.00 1,065,890 0.02
Nominees 3,671 15.55 2,270,819,967 32.83
Others 2 0.01 105,275 0.00
Total 23,603 100.00 6,915,714,601 100.00
DIRECTORS’ DIRECT AND INDIRECT INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY AND ITS RELATED CORPORATIONS
As disclosed in the Directors’ Report of the Financial Statements as set out on page 138, none of the Directors of the Company have 
any interest, direct or indirect, in shares, or debentures of, the Company or in a related corporation.
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ACCORDING TO THE REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
No. Name of Substantial Shareholder
No. of Shares 
Held (Direct 
Interest)
% of
Issued Shares
No. of Shares 
Held (Indirect/
Deemed Interest)
% of  
Issued Shares
1 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad  
- Amanah Saham Bumiputera
3,159,953,877 45.692 0.000
2 Employees Provident Fund Board 646,610,350 9.350 403,891,239 5.840
3 Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 434,312,778 6.280 24,635,100 0.356
Sime Darby Plantation  page 274
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13
Analysis of Shareholdings
As at 2 April 2024

---- Page 277 ----
TOP 30 SECURITIES ACCOUNT HOLDERS ACCORDING TO THE RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
No. Name of Shareholder No. of Shares Held % of Issued Shares 
1 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad  
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 3,159,953,877 45.69
2 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Employees Provident Fund Board 645,278,850 9.33
3 Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 434,310,778 6.28
4 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Employees Provident Fund Board (Islamic) 317,650,927 4.59
5 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Malaysia 2 - Wawasan 162,023,064 2.34
6 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad  
Amanah Saham Malaysia 156,966,854 2.27
7 Permodalan Nasional Berhad 105,497,723 1.53
8 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad  
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 2 92,041,237 1.33
9 Lembaga Tabung Haji 69,431,800 1.00
10 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Malaysia 3 63,085,937 0.91
11 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Exempt AN for AIA Bhd 59,898,317 0.87
12 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 3 – Didik 53,650,000 0.77
13 HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 49,296,169 0.71
14 HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund 48,469,579 0.70
15 Maybank Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Maybank Trustees Berhad for Public Ittikal Fund  
(N14011970240) 47,244,170 0.68
16 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 1) 41,845,349 0.61
17 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Employees Provident Fund Board (Nomura) 40,462,700 0.59
18 Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
Exempt AN for State Street Bank & Trust Company  
(WEST CLT OD67) 39,809,128 0.58
19 Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
PAMB for Prulink Equity Fund 38,774,511 0.56
20 Maybank Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Maybank Trustees Berhad for Public Regular Savings Fund  
(N14011940100) 33,519,453 0.48
Integrated Report 2023 page 275
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 278 ----
No. Name of Shareholder No. of Shares Held % of Issued Shares 
21 HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
HSBC BK PLC for Kuwait Investment Office (KIO) 29,493,700 0.43
22 Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad for Prulink Strategic Fund 28,166,300 0.41
23 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
Public Islamic Dividend Fund 26,263,600 0.38
24 HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company Institutional  
Total International Stock Market Index Trust II 23,988,600 0.35
25 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Urusharta Jamaah Sdn. Bhd. (1) 23,780,774 0.34
26 Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
PBTB for Takafulink Dana Ekuiti 22,625,599 0.33
27 Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
CB Spore GW for Government of Singapore (GIC C) 18,660,723 0.27
28 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
Public Islamic Equity Fund 17,584,198 0.25
29 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 3) 17,122,202 0.25
30 AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
Public Ittikal Sequel Fund 17,113,884 0.25
Total 5,884,010,003 85.08
Sime Darby Plantation  page 276
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13
Analysis of Shareholdings
As at 2 April 2024

---- Page 279 ----
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad (SD Plantation or Company) 
will be held virtually from Grand Ballroom, Level 2, DoubleTree by Hilton Shah Alam i-City, i-City Finance Avenue, 40000 Shah Alam, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia as the Broadcast Venue and via the TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online on Tuesday, 28 May 2024 
at 9.30 a.m. for the transaction of the following businesses:
AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 together with the 
Reports of the Directors and the Auditors thereon.
Refer to Explanatory Note 1
2. To approve the payment of Directors’ fees to the Non-Executive Directors up to an amount of RM4,500,000 
from 29 May 2024 until the date of the next AGM of the Company. (Resolution 1)
Refer to Explanatory Note 2
3. To approve the payment of benefits payable to the Non-Executive Directors up to an amount of RM1,300,000 
from 29 May 2024 until the date of the next AGM of the Company.(Resolution 2)
Refer to Explanatory Note 2
4. To re-elect the following Directors who retire in accordance with Rule 81.2 of the Constitution of the Company 
and who being eligible, offer themselves for re-election:
(i) Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa
(ii) Jenifer Thien Bit Leong
(iii) Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad.
(Resolution 3)
(Resolution 4)
(Resolution 5)
Refer to Explanatory Note 3
5. To re-elect the following Directors who retire in accordance with Rule 103 of the Constitution of the Company 
and who being eligible, offer themselves for re-election:
(i) Dato’ Halipah Esa
(ii) Datuk Mohd Anwar Yahya.
(Resolution 6)
(Resolution 7)
Refer to Explanatory Note 3
6. To appoint Messrs PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending  
31 December 2024 and to authorise the Board of Directors to determine their remuneration. (Resolution 8)
Refer to Explanatory Note 4
7. To transact any other business for which due notice shall have been given in accordance with the Companies 
Act 2016 and the Constitution of the Company.
FURTHER NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT for the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to participate at this  
21st Annual General Meeting, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance with Rule 63 of the 
Constitution of the Company and Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, to issue a General Meeting 
Record of Depositors as at 17 May 2024. Only a depositor whose name appears on the Record of Depositors as at 17 May 2024 shall 
be entitled to participate at the said meeting or appoint proxies to participate and/or vote on his/her behalf.
By Order of the Board
Azrin Nashiha Abdul Aziz 
(LS0007238) 
(SSM Practicing Certificate No. 202208000233)
Company Secretary
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
25 April 2024
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Integrated Report 2023 page 277
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 280 ----
NOTES:
Virtual Meeting
1.  The venue of the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) is strictly a Broadcast Venue as the conduct of the 21st AGM will be a 
virtual meeting. The Broadcast Venue is also for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 which 
requires the Chairperson of the meeting to be present at the main venue of the meeting.
2. Shareholders will not be allowed to attend the 21st AGM in person at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the meeting.
3.  Shareholders are to attend (including posing questions in real time to the Board in the form of typed texts) and vote (collectively, 
participate) remotely at the 21st AGM through the Remote Participation and Voting facilities (RPV) provided by Tricor Investor 
& Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd through its TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please follow the Procedures for RPV in 
the Administrative Details for the 21st AGM.
Proxy and/or Authorised Representative
1.  A member of the Company entitled to participate at the 21st AGM is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to exercise 
all or any of his/her rights to participate at the 21st AGM on his/her behalf. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, 
the appointment shall be invalid unless he/she speciﬁes the proportion of his/her shareholdings to be represented by each proxy. 
A proxy may, but need not, be a member of the Company. 
2.  A member of the Company may appoint any person to be his/her proxy without any restriction as to the qualification of such 
person.
3.  Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all resolutions set 
out in the Notice of the 21st AGM of the Company shall be put to vote by way of a poll.
4.  Where a member of the Company is an Authorised Nominee as deﬁned under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 
1991 (SICDA), he/she may appoint not more than two (2) proxies in respect of each Securities Account he/she holds with ordinary 
shares of the Company standing to the credit of the said Securities Account to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company 
instead of him/her.
5.  Where a member of the Company is an Exempt Authorised Nominee as defined under SICDA which holds ordinary shares in the 
Company for multiple beneﬁcial owners in one (1) Securities Account (Omnibus Account), there is no limit to the number of proxies 
which the Exempt Authorised Nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds PROVIDED THAT each beneficial 
owner of ordinary shares, or where the ordinary shares are held on behalf of joint beneficial owners, such joint beneficial owners, 
shall only be entitled to instruct the Exempt Authorised Nominee to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote 
at a general meeting of the Company instead of the beneficial owner or joint beneficial owners.
6.  The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing signed by the appointor or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing or, 
if the appointor is a corporation, either under its common seal or signed by an officer or attorney so authorised, or in any other 
manner authorised by the Constitution of the Company. Any alteration to the instrument appointing a proxy must be initialled. 
7. The appointment of proxy(ies) may be made in a hardcopy form or by electronic means as follows:
 (i)  In Hardcopy Form
   The Form of Proxy or the Power of Attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarially certiﬁed copy 
of that power or authority, must be deposited at the ofﬁce of the Share Registrar of the Company, Tricor Investor & Issuing 
House Services Sdn Bhd, at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8,  
Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or its Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia no later than Monday, 27 May 2024 at 9.30 a.m.
 (ii)  By Tricor Online System (TIIH Online)
   The Proxy Form can be electronically lodged with the Share Registrar of the Company via TIIH Online (applicable to individual 
share owners only). The website to access TIIH Online is https://tiih.online (Kindly refer to the Administrative Details for 
the 21st AGM on the “Procedure for Electronic Lodgement of the Form of Proxy” on how to submit the e-Proxy).
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Sime Darby Plantation  page 278
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13

---- Page 281 ----
Explanatory Notes
1. Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
The Audited Financial Statements are laid in accordance with Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016 (CA 2016) for discussion 
only. The Audited Financial Statements do not require shareholders’ approval and as such, will not be put forward for voting.  
2. Directors’ Remuneration - Fees and Benefits Payable to the Non-Executive Directors
Rule 82.1 of the Constitution of the Company provides that the fees and benefits payable to Directors shall be subject to annual 
shareholders’ approval at a general meeting. Pursuant to Section 230 of CA 2016, fees of the Directors and any benefits payable 
to the Directors of a listed company and its subsidiaries shall be approved at a general meeting.
The Nomination & Remuneration Committee (NRC) is responsible for ensuring that compensation policies and packages of Directors 
are reflective of the Sime Darby Plantation Berhad (SD Plantation) Group’s demands, complexities and performance as a whole 
as well as the skills and experience required, and in line with the strategic objectives of the Company which rewards contribution 
to the long term success of the Company. In this regard, the NRC has performed the following reviews:
(i) Revision to the Benefits-in-Kind for Sime Darby Plantation Berhad
The benefits-in-kind (BIK) in the Board Remuneration Framework for the Non-Executive Directors of SD Plantation was last 
reviewed and adopted in February 2020. In 2024, the NRC reviewed and proposed revisions to the BIK to remain competitive 
and to provide better clarity for some of the benefits. Key revisions made to the BIK include:
(a)  Expanding the provision of Company Car for the Chairman to cover electric, internal combustion or hybrid vehicles. 
Should an electric vehicle (EV) be chosen, the cost of EV charging will be paid by the Company in place of petrol.
(b) Enhancing the medical benefit in line with current market practices.
The Board has approved the revision to the BIK, which will take effect on 1 July 2024. 
 
(ii) Board Remuneration Framework of Flagship and Major Subsidiary Companies
In 2023, the NRC commenced a review of the Board Remuneration Framework for the following companies:
(a) Sime Darby Oils International Limited
(b) PT Minamas Gemilang & PT Anugerah Sumbermakmur
(c) New Britain Palm Oil Limited
(collectively Flagship and Major Subsidiary Companies).
The review was assisted by a consultant with the aim of ensuring that the level and composition of the remuneration of the 
Boards of Flagship and Major Subsidiary Companies are aligned with similar businesses in the marketplace and the ongoing 
rate for comparable roles. The NRC viewed that the Flagship and Major Subsidiary Companies Boards need to be remunerated 
competitively based on their roles and responsibilities to attract the right talent and calibre taking into account the performance 
of the companies, the business direction, aspirations and expectations of future growth. This was also in view of the future 
plan to transition all Major Subsidiary Companies into Flagship Subsidiary Companies including the establishment of additional 
Board Committee(s). The review concluded in 2024 with the Board approving the change in remuneration across two phases 
i.e. first increase on 1 July 2024 and second increase on 1 July 2025. 
Integrated Report 2023 page 279
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 282 ----
In this respect, the Board agreed that shareholders’ approval be sought on the Directors’ remuneration in two (2) separate 
resolutions as follows:
(i) Resolution 1 - Payment of Directors’ fees to the Non-Executive Directors 
The proposed payment of Directors’ fees for the NEDs from 29 May 2024 until the date of the next AGM of the Company 
is based on the following fee structure: 
Company
Board/ 
Board Committee
Current
(up to 30 June 2024)
First Phase
(period from 1 July 2024 
to 30 June 2025)
Second Phase
(from 1 July 2025)
Chairman
(per year)
Member
(per year)
Chairman
(per year)
Member
(per year)
Chairman
(per year)
Member
(per year)
Sime Darby 
Plantation Berhad
Board RM600,000 RM240,000 No change No change No change No change 
Governance & Audit 
Committee
RM80,000 RM50,000 No change No change No change No change 
Other Board 
Committees
RM60,000 RM35,000 No change No change No change No change 
PT Minamas 
Gemilang &  
PT Anugerah 
Sumbermakmur 
Board (SD Plantation 
Nominee)
RM80,000 RM50,000 Increase to 
RM135,000
Increase to 
RM72,500
Increase to 
RM200,000
Increase to 
RM100,000
Governance, Audit 
& Risk Committee
RM20,000 RM12,000 Increase to 
RM25,000
Increase to 
RM13,500
Increase to 
RM30,000
Increase to 
RM15,000
Other Board 
Committee(s)
Nil Nil RM22,500 
(New)
RM11,250 
(New)
No change No change 
Sime Darby Oils 
International 
Limited 
Board (SD Plantation 
Nominee)
SGD27,000 SGD20,000 Increase to 
SGD40,000
Increase to 
SGD25,000
Increase to 
SGD58,000
Increase to 
SGD30,000
Governance & Audit 
Committee
SGD7,000 SGD5,000 Increase to 
SGD8,000
No change Increase to 
SGD9,000
No change 
Other Board 
Committee(s)
Nil Nil SGD6,500 
(New)
SGD3,250 
(New)
No change No change 
New Britain Palm 
Oil Limited 
Board (SD Plantation 
Nominee)
PGK102,600 PGK85,250 Increase to 
PGK110,000
No change Increase to 
PGK162,000
No change 
Audit Committee Nil Nil PGK20,000 
(New)
PGK10,000 
(New)
Increase to 
PGK25,000
Increase to 
PGK12,500
Other Board 
Committee(s)
Nil Nil PGK18,000 
(New)
PGK9,000 
(New)
No change No change 
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Sime Darby Plantation  page 280
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13

---- Page 283 ----
(ii) Resolution 2 - Payment of Benefits Payable to the Non-Executive Directors  
The benefits payable to the NEDs comprise allowances and other emoluments payable to the Chairman and members of the 
Board, Board Committees and boards of subsidiary companies.
The Company is seeking shareholders’ approval for benefits payable to the NEDs from 29 May 2024 until the date of the 
next AGM in accordance with the benefits structure, set out below:
Description
Current 
(up to 30 June 2024) 
Sime Darby Plantation Berhad
Flagship/Major Subsidiary Companies
PT Minamas 
Gemilang &  
PT Anugerah 
Sumbermakmur
Sime Darby Oils 
International 
Limited
New Britain 
Palm Oil 
Limited
Chairman Member Chairman & 
Member
Chairman & 
Member
Chairman & 
Member
Meeting Allowance (per meeting)
Board RM1,500 RM1,500 RM1,000 SGD300 PGK750
Board 
Committees RM1,000 RM1,000 Nil Nil Nil
Benefits •  Company car, 
petrol and driver.
•  Telecommunication 
devices/facilities, 
medical and 
insurance 
coverage.
•  Telecommunication 
devices/facilities, 
medical and 
insurance 
coverage.
Description
Proposed 
(from 1 July 2024) 
Sime Darby Plantation Berhad
Flagship/Major Subsidiary Companies
PT Minamas 
Gemilang &  
PT Anugerah 
Sumbermakmur
Sime Darby Oils 
International 
Limited
New Britain 
Palm Oil 
Limited
Chairman Member Chairman & 
Member
Chairman & 
Member
Chairman & 
Member
Meeting Allowance (per meeting)
Board No change No change No change SGD1,000 PGK1,000
Board 
Committees No change No change RM500 SGD500 PGK500
Benefits •  Company car, 
petrol, electric 
vehicle (EV) 
charging and 
driver.
•  Telecommunication 
devices/facilities, 
medical and 
insurance 
coverage.
•  Telecommunication 
devices/facilities, 
medical and 
insurance 
coverage.
•  Telecommunication devices/facilities and 
insurance coverage.
Integrated Report 2023 page 281
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 284 ----
In determining the estimated total amount of Directors’ fees and benefits payable for the NEDs, the Board has considered various 
factors including the number of scheduled and special meetings for the Board, Board Committees and boards of subsidiary 
companies, based on the current number of NEDs including a provisional sum as a contingency for future appointment of NEDs 
on the Board, Board Committees and boards of subsidiary companies as well as changes in foreign exchange rate.
The proposed Resolutions 1 and 2, if passed, will give authority to the Company to pay the Directors’ fees and benefits payable 
on a quarterly basis and/or as and when incurred. The decision in respect of fees and benefits payable by the subsidiary companies 
will be made by the shareholder of the subsidiary companies in accordance with the laws applicable in its jurisdiction. 
Any NEDs who are shareholders of the Company will abstain from voting on Resolutions 1 and 2 concerning remuneration to the 
NEDs at the 21st AGM of the Company.
3. Resolutions 3 to 7 – Re-election of Directors in accordance with Rule 81.2 and Rule 103 of the Constitution
(i)  Rule 81.2 of the Constitution of the Company stipulates that a Director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy 
or as an addition to the existing Board, shall hold office until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company and shall be 
eligible for re-election at such meeting.
Mohd Irwan Ahmad Mustafa and Jenifer Thien Bit Leong who were appointed during the financial year as well as  
Sharifah Sheila Syed Muhamad who was appointed on 5 February 2024 being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election 
at the 21st AGM pursuant to Rule 81.2 of the Constitution of the Company.
(ii)  Rule 103 of the Constitution of the Company expressly states that at least one-third (1/3) of the Directors for the time being 
shall retire from office at each AGM. A Director retiring at a general meeting shall retain office until the conclusion of the 
meeting. In addition, Rule 104 of the Constitution states that all Directors shall retire from office once at least in each three 
(3) years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.
Dato’ Halipah Esa and Datuk Mohd Anwar Yahya being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election at the 21st AGM in 
accordance with Rule 104 of the Constitution.
(iii)  The NRC has considered the performance and contribution (including fit and proper assessment) of each of the retiring 
Directors and has also conducted an independence assessment for Independent NEDs.
Based on the results of the Board & Directors’ Effectiveness Evaluation conducted for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023, the retiring Directors met the performance criteria required of an effective and high-performance Board. The Directors 
have also met the overarching fit and proper criteria of the Company.
(iv)  The Board has endorsed the NRC’s recommendation to seek shareholders’ approval for the re-election of the retiring Directors. 
All Directors standing for re-election have abstained from deliberation and decision on their own eligibility to stand for  
re-election at the relevant Board meeting and will continue to abstain from deliberations and decisions on their own eligibility 
to stand for re-election at this AGM.
4. Resolution 8 - Re-appointment of Auditors
The Governance & Audit Committee (GAC), at its meeting held on 18 April 2024, undertook an annual assessment of the suitability 
and independence of the external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (PwC), in accordance with the Policy on External Auditor 
Appointment & Selection. The GAC considered the following factors in its assessment:
(i) Calibre of external audit firm
(ii) Quality of processes/performance
(iii) Audit team
(iv) Independence and objectivity
(v) Audit scope and planning
(vi) Audit fees
(vii) Audit communications.
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Sime Darby Plantation  page 282
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13

---- Page 285 ----
In addition, the GAC has also considered the information in the Annual Transparency Report of the external audit firm with 
reference to Guidance 9.3 of the MCCG 2021.
The GAC was satisfied with the suitability of PwC based on the quality of audit, performance and competency provided by PwC 
to the SD Plantation Group as prescribed under Paragraph 15.21 of the MMLR. The GAC was also satisfied in its review that the 
provision of non-audit services by PwC to the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 did not 
in any way impair their objectivity and independence as the external auditors of the Company.
The Board has, at its meeting held on 23 April 2024, agreed with the GAC’s recommendation that shareholders’ approval be 
sought at the 21st AGM on the appointment of PwC as the external auditors of the Company for the financial year ending  
31 December 2024, as set out under Resolution 8. The present external auditors, PwC, have indicated their willingness to continue 
their services for the financial year ending 31 December 2024.
Integrated Report 2023 page 283
Sustainability
Statement
86-93
Leadership
94-101
Governance
102-137
Financial
Statements
138-267
Additional
Information
268-284


---- Page 286 ----
The profile of the Directors, including the nature and extent of any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, who are standing 
for re-election as enumerated in Resolutions 3 to 7 above at the 21st Annual General Meeting of Sime Darby Plantation Berhad are 
set out in the “Directors’ Profiles” section on pages 96 to 99 of the Company’s Integrated Report 2023. 
The details of any interest in securities held by the said Directors are set out in the “Directors’ Report” section on page 141 of the 
Company’s Integrated Report 2023.
Statement Accompanying  
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)
Sime Darby Plantation  page 284
Overview Of
Sime Darby Plantation
14-19
Value Creation at
Sime Darby Plantation
20-31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
32-85
Key Messages
4-13

---- Page 287 ----