---- Page 1 ----
TRANSFORMING
REAL ESTATE &
CREATING
SUSTAINABLE
VALUE
Sustainability Report 2023

---- Page 2 ----
INSIDE THIS REPORT
INTRODUCTION 
1 About This Report 
2 About Sunway REIT
APPENDICES
75 Memberships in Associations
76 Building Management   
 Standards
77 Key Performance Indicators
94 Bursa Malaysia’s Enhanced  
 Sustainability Reporting  
 Requirements
96 GRI Content Index
103 Glossary
104 Assurance Statements
DISCLAIMER
The statements, data and information provided in this Report 
have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring 
completeness, accuracy, and reliability. We shall not be liable 
for any errors or omissions that may remain and any loss or 
inconvenience incurred as a result of reliance on information 
provided in this Report.
TRANSFORMING REAL ESTATE & CREATING 
SUSTAINABLE VALUE
Our Sustainability Report cover, titled ‘Transforming Real 
Estate & Creating Sustainable Value,’ reflects Sunway 
REIT’s commitment to revolutionise real estate through 
sustainable practices. We pursue economic growth while 
prioritising environmental and societal well-being. Icon 
elements symbolise our diverse sustainable initiatives, 
contributing to four key goals in environmental, social, 
and governance aspects.
GOAL 2:
ADVOCATING  A 
RESPONSIBLE VALUE 
CHAIN 
page 48
GOAL 1: 
TRANSFORMING 
OUR PORTFOLIO 
INTO LOW-CARBON 
ASSETS 
page 26
GOAL 3: 
INVESTING IN 
COMMUNITY 
INCLUSIVITY 
page 56
GOAL 4: 
RESPECTING 
ETHICAL PRINCIPLES 
page 70
REFERENCE
Refers readers to more information online. Refers readers to other related parts in the Reports.
GOVERNANCE
4 CEO’s Statement
6 2023 Key Highlights
7 Sustainability Governance 
DETERMINING MATERIALITY
8 Materiality Assessment
11 Stakeholder Engagement
21 UNSDGs Scorecard
22 Sustainability Scorecard
24  Sustainable Finance
TRANSFORMING
REAL ESTATE &
CREATING
SUSTAINABLE
VALUE
Sustainability Report 2023

---- Page 3 ----
1
REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES
Sunway Real Estate Investment Trust (Sunway REIT or Trust) 
is one of the largest diversified Real Estate Investment Trusts 
(REITs) in Malaysia, with a diverse portfolio strategically located 
across award-winning integrated townships in key locations in 
Klang Valley, Penang, and Perak. This Report focuses solely on 
Sunway REIT’s properties under our operational control. Data 
from properties with master lease income on a triple net basis, 
where tenants cover all expenses, is excluded unless mentioned 
in this Report. Sunway Medical Centre was sold in August 2023; 
consequently, we have omitted any information beyond that 
specific date related to this property.
REPORTING PERIOD AND CYCLE
This Report covers 1 January to 31 December, 2023; unless 
specified otherwise. Our Sustainability Reports are issued on an 
annual basis and our last Sustainability Statement was published 
in February 2023. 
ASSURANCE
In strengthening the credibility of our Sustainability Report, this 
Report  has been subjected to the following: 
• an internal review by the company's internal auditors for 
all Common Sustainability Matters and accompanying 
Indicators identified by Bursa for FY2023
• independent assurance in accordance with recognised 
assurance standards for all  indicators by Standard and 
Industrial Research Institute of Malaysia (SIRIM) Quality 
Assurance Services (QAS) International Sdn Bhd 
• approval by the company’s Audit Committee
Sunway REIT’s annual Sustainability Report, referred to as ‘this Report,’ comprehensively covers our sustainability efforts and highlights the REIT’s Environmental, Social, and Governance 
(ESG) performance in 2023.  We are delighted to announce that this marks Sunway REIT’s first standalone Sustainability Report. It outlines the sustainability initiatives we have implemented 
in our business and operations for the interest and benefit of our stakeholders and the environment to propel our business forward. This Report also delves into the significant risks 
and opportunities that impacted our business operations, including ESG and economic challenges, in the year under review. At the core of our sustainability journey lie our strategies, a 
robust framework, and initiatives that enable us to achieve the REIT’s sustainability goals and targets. In essence, this Report captures the progress, achievements, and challenges of our 
sustainability journey in 2023.
ABOUT THIS REPORT
GUIDELINES AND STANDARDS
We strive to align this Report with the highest reporting standards 
and industry best practices. This Report  has been prepared in 
accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. 
It also adheres to the following reporting frameworks:
•  Bursa Malaysia Main Market Listing Requirements
•  Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG)
•  Sustainable and Responsible Investment (SRI) of Securities 
Commission Malaysia
•  Value Reporting Foundation (VRF), formerly known 
as International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) & 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
•  Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
•  World Economic Forum International Business Council  
(WEF-IBC)
This Report also includes ESG disclosures for which we are 
being rated by the following ESG rating tools:
•  Financial Times Stock Exchange (FTSE) Russell ESG Ratings
•  Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) ESG Ratings
•  S&P Global ESG Ratings
•  Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)
•  Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB)
•  Sustainalytics
•  Malaysian Rating Corporation Berhad (MARC)
PROGRESSIVE STATEMENTS
Our Report contains progressive statements concerning our 
objectives, strategies, plans and future initiatives that are 
interconnected with Sunway REIT's business, financial and non-
financial performance. These statements include words and 
phrases like ‘expects’, ‘targets’, ‘intends’, anticipates’, ‘believes’, 
‘estimates’, ‘may’, ‘plans’, ‘projects’, ‘should’, ‘would’, and 
‘will’. It is important to note that these statements should not 
be interpreted as a guarantee of future operational or financial 
performance, as they may carry potential risks or unforeseen 
repercussions to Sunway REIT.
Factors that might lead to actual results to differ materially from 
those outlined in progressive statements include global, national, 
and regional economic and social conditions or matters that have 
not been reviewed or reported on by Sunway REIT's auditors.
FEEDBACK
Your feedback, suggestions, and comments are warmly 
welcomed to help us improve our sustainability efforts, 
reporting, and overall performance. Kindly share your 
feedback with us at: 
Jacqueline Wong Yin Teng
Head of Sustainability
Sunway REIT Management Sdn Bhd
Level 15, Menara Sunway,
Jalan Lagoon Timur, Bandar Sunway, 
47500 Subang Jaya,
Selangor Darul Ehsan,
Malaysia
E-mail:  irsunreit@sunway.com.my
GRI 2-2, 2-3, 2-5, 2-14
For more information on assurance reports, please refer to pages 104-105

---- Page 4 ----
2
ABOUT SUNWAY REIT
Sunway Real Estate Investment Trust (Sunway REIT) boasts a distinctive portfolio and stands as one of Malaysia’s largest and most diversified Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). Its 
assets are strategically located across award-winning integrated townships in key locations within Klang Valley, Penang, and Perak.
Sunway REIT was listed on the Main Market of 
Bursa Malaysia since 8 July 2010. The market 
capitalisation of Sunway REIT stood at RM5.3 
billion as of 31 December 2023. Its diverse 
portfolio comprises 19 assets, including retail 
properties, hotels, offices, industrial properties, 
and an education asset, with a combined value 
of RM9.0 billion. 
Sunway REIT’s assets are primarily situated in 
Sunway City Kuala Lumpur where its flagship 
asset, Sunway Pyramid Mall, is located. Other 
assets in Sunway City include Sunway Resort 
Hotel, Sunway Pyramid Hotel, Sunway Lagoon 
Hotel, Menara Sunway, Sunway Pinnacle and 
Sunway university & college campus. 
In Kuala Lumpur, Sunway REIT holds four 
properties namely Sunway Tower, and three 
integral assets forming Sunway Putra. Sunway 
Putra consists of Sunway Putra Mall, Sunway 
Putra Hotel and Sunway Putra Tower. In Selangor, 
it includes Wisma Sunway, Sunway REIT Industrial 
properties in Shah Alam and Petaling Jaya, and 
Sunway Pier.  In the northern region, Sunway REIT 
has SunCity Ipoh Hypermarket in Perak, Sunway 
Hotel Seberang Jaya, Sunway Hotel Georgetown, 
and Sunway Carnival Mall in Penang.
GRI 2-1, 2-2, 2-6, 203-1
VISION
To be a leading diversified REIT in Malaysia committed to enhancing stakeholder value – Sustainable Growth, Environmental Stewardship 
and Community Engagement
MISSION
To deliver sustainable income distribution over the long-term through responsible business strategies supported by adaptive innovation 
solutions, management, and sustainability practices.
Market Capitalisation
as of  31 December 2023
RM5.3 billion
Combined Property Value
as of 31 December 2023
RM9 billion
Number of Assets
19 assets
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia
8th July 2010
Integrity
We not only do the right things but do 
things right. We conduct ourselves in 
an honest, professional, and ethical 
manner at all times.
Humility
We believe in being humble, polite, 
and respectful. It is about displaying 
empathy and demonstrating daily that 
we care and listen. It reminds us that 
no matter how much we think that we 
know, we still have a lot to learn.
Excellence
We are committed to the pursuit of 
excellence and delivering high-quality 
products and services in the sectors 
we are involved in.
CORPORATE CORE VALUES

---- Page 5 ----
3
ABOUT SUNWAY REIT
PENANG PERAK SELANGOR / KUALA LUMPUR JOHOR
INDUSTRIAL
OFFICEHOTEL
Sunway Hotel Georgetown 
Sunway Hotel Seberang Jaya
Sunway Resort Hotel 
Sunway Pyramid Hotel
Sunway Lagoon Hotel
Sunway Putra Hotel
Menara Sunway
Sunway Tower
Wisma Sunway
Sunway Putra Tower
Sunway Pinnacle
SERVICES
Sunway university & college campus
RETAIL
Sunway Carnival Mall
SunCity Ipoh Hypermarket
Sunway Pyramid Mall
Sunway Putra Mall
Sunway Pier
Sunway REIT Industrial – Shah Alam 1
Sunway REIT Industrial – Petaling Jaya 1
PENANG
Legends
PERAK
SELANGOR / 
KUALA LUMPUR

---- Page 6 ----
4
CEO’S STATEMENT
DEAR VALUED 
STAKEHOLDERS,
GRI 2-22
It gives me great pleasure to present this statement in our inaugural 
independent Sustainability Report. Sunway REIT is pleased to 
record continued progress in our sustainability initiatives and this 
Report represents another major step in our commitment to our 
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) agenda by being 
laser-focused on the goals and ensuring comprehensive reporting 
on the progress made towards the targets.
We take pride in our vision, 'To be a leading diversified REIT in 
Malaysia committed to enhancing stakeholder value through 
Sustainable Growth, Environmental Stewardship, and Community 
Engagement'. Our sustainability commitment is more than symbolic 
and it is achieved through a tangible and strategic approach. We 
pursue long-term success while actively contributing to nation-
building by setting clear interim ESG targets while staying on 
course to achieve our long-term targets by 2030.
As we chart our course towards sustainable growth, we call upon all 
our stakeholders to join us on this transformative journey. Together, 
we are not just building structures; we are building a future that 
will be sustainable, inclusive, and thriving.
OUR SUSTAINABILITY AGENDA
We focus on achieving four key Sustainability Goals in the areas 
of ESG. In this Report, we will share our efforts and progress in 
achieving the goals outlined below:
ENVIRONMENT
GOAL 1:  Transforming Our Portfolios To Low-Carbon Assets
GOAL 2:  Advocating A Responsible Value Chain
SOCIAL
GOAL 3:  Investing In Community Inclusivity
GOVERNANCE
GOAL 4:  Respecting Ethical Principles
We are pleased to report the following progress highlights 
for 2023:
CERTIFIED GREEN BUILDINGS
Sunway Resort Hotel, the flagship hotel in Sunway 
REIT's portfolio, achieved GreenRE Platinum status post-
refurbishment in 2023, making it Malaysia's first Platinum-
certified hotel. Costing approximately RM300 million, the 
refurbishment incorporated green features, such as an 
intelligently designed facade, energy-efficient AC systems, 
natural ventilation, and innovative water management. This 
positions Sunway Resort Hotel as a pioneer in sustainable 
hospitality.
Additionally, Sunway Putra Mall also secured its GreenRE 
Gold status, bringing the total number of green-certified 
properties to five, with 35% of our portfolio's gross floor 
area managed are now green certified. These certifications 
resonate with tenants, corporations and brands seeking 
Scope 3 emissions control, opening our doors to new 
business opportunities and aligning our value chain to our 
commitment to sustainability. In addition, we anticipate 
energy savings and operational expenditure reduction 
through energy audits and equipment enhancements 
during the process.
Clement Chen
Chief Executive Officer, 
Sunway REIT
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE
We partnered with Hongkong and Shanghai Banking 
Corporation (HSBC) to launch the first green Cross 
Currency Swap (CCS) in Malaysia, a RM200 million 
initiative in June 2023. This bespoke CCS provides direct 
sustainability incentives while mitigating currency and 
interest rate risks associated with Sunway REIT's foreign 
currency loan from HSBC. As of FY2023, over 97.5% of 
Sunway REIT's corporate borrowings have been structured 
based on sustainable finance terms. 

---- Page 7 ----
5
CEO’S STATEMENT
GREEN LEASE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAMME
I am excited to share the latest updates regarding our Sunway Green Lease 
Partnership Programme, a testament to our commitment to sustainability, 
collaboration, and innovation. As of December 2023, we have achieved a 
tenant participation of 82% from both our Retail and Office tenants.
As an extension of our Green Lease Programme, our Retail business segment has 
launched Sustainability Education Tiering Study Programmes, aiming to equip 
tenants with knowledge and resources for an enhanced sustainability journey. 
To broaden our impact, our team initiated the Sustainability Collaboration 
Alliances Network (SCAN), partnering with prominent organisations like the 
United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN), Jeffrey 
Sachs Center (JSC), Malaysia Retailers Association (MRA), and Malaysia Retail 
Chain Association (MRCA), with plans to influence the 900,000-member 
organisations. This collaboration is dedicated to designing SDG Education 
Programmes for our business partners and retailers.
Recognising that financial concerns may deter certain tenants from embracing 
sustainability initiatives, we are proactively partnering with United Overseas 
Bank (UOB) Malaysia to provide sustainable financing solutions. Under 
this collaboration, tenants participating in the Green Lease Partnership 
Programme and meeting specific KPIs will have the opportunity to access 
financing options offered by UOB Malaysia.
We are in the early phases of developing a 'Sustainability Management 
System', representing a substantial advancement in empowering both our 
organisation and esteemed tenants to comprehensively monitor, manage, 
and improve sustainability efforts. Operating as a dashboard, the system 
will monitor key indicators at the individual tenant level, encompassing 
energy consumption, water usage, and waste management. Our goal is 
to implement a user-friendly, robust, and efficient measurement system for 
effective sustainability management.
KEY AWARDS & RECOGNITION
Sunway REIT's commitment to sustainability garnered notable achievements in FY2023. Our inaugural GRESB 
Real Estate Assessment in October 2023 resulted in a 3-star rating for Standing Investments and an 'A' for public 
disclosure. This positions Sunway REIT as amongst the pioneers in the Malaysian real estate industry taking on the 
challenge of benchmarking against and aligning with global ESG standards.
In August 2023, our proactive ESG management was recognised with a two-notch improvement, moving from a 
'BB' to an 'A' MSCI ESG rating. MSCI ESG ratings are widely regarded in global capital markets as a crucial tool 
measuring a company's resilience to long-term ESG risks and is relied upon by a vast number of capital market 
investors for ethical investment decision making.  
Our ESG efforts also culminated in prestigious awards locally, including the Silver Excellence Award at the National 
Annual Corporate Report Awards (NACRA) 2023, recognising our transparent and informative reporting practices. 
This marked our 12th consecutive recognition from NACRA.
Additionally, we secured the Silver award in the REIT category at The Edge Malaysia ESG Awards – Equity Awards, 
reinforcing our leadership in sustainability within the Malaysian REIT sector. These accolades affirm Sunway REIT's 
commitment to excellence in corporate and sustainability reporting, establishing our position as a leading ESG 
performer in the Malaysian corporate landscape.
EMPLOYEE EMPOWERMENT
We consistently consider our people’s needs and invest in their development and growth. Our succession planning 
allows us to identify strengths and areas for development of our talents through activities such as the Annual Talent 
Review (ATR) and Leadership Development Centre (LDC). In response to the 2023 Employee Engagement Survey, 
we introduced initiatives such as 'Staggered Work Hours,' 'Work from Anywhere,' and 'No Meetings after 6 pm' to 
enhance work-life balance and promote agile working, thereby boosting productivity. These initiatives collectively 
highlight our commitment to employee well-being, growth, and professional development.
GOING FORWARD
As we reflect on the significant strides we have made to date, we appreciate that sustainability is an ongoing journey, 
one to which Sunway REIT remains committed. Guided by our strategic priorities and under the leadership of the 
Board and Sustainability Committee, we pledge to continue collaborating with all stakeholders, making a genuine 
and lasting impact on our customers, communities, employees, and future generations.
At the heart of our commitment lies our purpose: to ensure sustainable income distribution through responsible 
business strategies, adaptive innovation solutions, and steadfast sustainability practices. We embrace the heartfelt 
pursuit of a sustainable future.
Sustainability 
Education Tiering 
Study Programmes
Sustainable 
Capital
Sustainable 
Management 
System

---- Page 8 ----
6
Best Experiential Marketing (Cahaya Raya Campaign by PPK Malaysia) 
Sunway Carnival Mall 
ASEAN Public Toilet Standard (National) 2023-2025
Sunway Pyramid Mall
Talentbank Graduates’ Choice of Employer 2023
Sunway City Kuala Lumpur Hotels
Sunway Pyramid Convention Centre
Best Executive Coaching Programme (Employee Experience Awards (EXA) Malaysia) 
Sunway Malls
Tatler Dining Awards 2023
Gordon Ramsay Bar & Grill - Best New Restaurant and Top 20 Restaurants
Top Producing Hotel (Trip.com) 
Sunway Hotel Georgetown 
Malaysia Tourism Quality Assurance (MyTQA) 
Sunway Carnival Mall 
2023 KEY HIGHLIGHTS
2023 ACCOLADES AND AWARDS
2 buildings are GreenRE 
certified (Platinum 
& Gold)
Established 
Sustainable 
Procurement 
Policy 
More than 97.5% of 
our borrowings have been 
structured with sustainable 
finance mechanism 
82% tenants 
participation in Green 
Lease combined from 
both Retail and Office
RM4.7 billion of 
our borrowing facilities 
are secured through 
sustainable finance 
commitment
Expanded 
Scope 3 
GHG Inventory 
(9 categories are 
reported)
A from previous BB for 
MSCI 
35 total learning hours 
(average per employee)
Diversified; GRESB 
3-star rating‘A’ rating  'Low ESG Risk' ratingScore 3.6 out of 5.0
Australasian Reporting Awards 2023 
• Distinguished Achievements in Reporting
• Distinguished Achievements in Sustainability Reporting 
The Edge Malaysia ESG Awards—Equity Awards
Best Managed & Sustainable Property Awards 2023 
Sunway Putra Hotel
MSOSH Occupational Safety and Health Awards 2023
•  Sunway Pyramid Mall
• Sunway Carnival Mall 
• Sunway Putra Mall
• Menara Sunway
HAPA AWARDS Malaysian Series 2023-2024 
• Malaysia's Best 20 Hotels & Resorts and The Resilience Award
 Sunway Resort Hotel
• Best 20 Service Excellence Establishments and Malaysia's Best 30 Restaurants
 Gordon Ramsay Bar & Grill
GOLD
GOLD
GOLD CLASS 2
GOLD CLASS 2
GOLD CLASS 2
GOLD CLASS 2
BRONZE 1st RUNNER-UP
5-STAR RESORT
4th PLACE
SILVER
SILVER
PLATINUM
Climate Change 2023
Water Security 2023
B
C

---- Page 9 ----
7
Sunway REIT’s corporate policies and ESG commitments have beautifully interwoven a solid fabric of tapestry that ensures sound corporate governance, underpinning our dedication 
to safeguarding business integrity and fair practices. This commitment goes beyond mere regulatory compliance, allowing us to maintain a high level of trust and confidence among our 
stakeholders.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board carries the crucial responsibility of steering 
the entire organisation to attain the organisation goals 
and objectives.
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
The Sustainability Committee meticulously reviews, 
supervises, and provides recommendations to the 
Board of Directors on three key sustainability areas: 
(i) sustainability strategy and issues, (ii) key ESG goals, 
targets, and performance, and (iii) progress and 
scorecard tracking.  The Committee is supported by the 
SWG and the newly appointed Head of Sustainability. 
The Committee meets at least twice annually.
SUSTAINABILITY WORKING GROUP (SWG)
Sunway REIT’s SWG works closely with Sustainability 
Committee, meticulously steering the integration of 
sustainability blueprints into business operations. The 
SWG is made up of Sunway REIT's Senior Management, 
Head of Sustainability, and Business Segment Heads. 
The SWG meets monthly to communicate and align 
the Board’s direction on ESG and sustainability matters 
across the business segments.
HEAD OF SUSTAINABILITY
Reporting to the CEO, the Head of Sustainability 
directs Sunway REIT’s sustainability strategy, ensuring 
ESG compliance, providing updates to the Board 
and committees, coordinating communication across 
business segments, and driving awareness and capacity-
building initiatives.
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
GRI 2-9, 2-12, 2-13, 2-14, 2-17, 2-18
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
SUSTAINABILITY WORKING GROUP
Clement Chen
Jacqueline Wong 
Yin Teng
Alex Castaldi Wilfred YeoCrystal Teh 
Lay Ling
Member
Head of 
Sustainability
Head 
Hotel Segment I
Head 
Hotel Segment II
Head of Investor 
Relations of Sunway 
Berhad
Yeo Kar Peng
Clement Chen Chong Sau Min
Chairperson
CEO Head  
Office Segment
Sarena Cheah 
Yean Tih, S.M.S.  
Ng Bee Lien Chan Hoi Choy
Member
CFO Head 
Retail Segment
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
At its core, our sustainability governance structure involves a Board of Directors (The Board), guided by the Sustainability Committee (SC), which oversees ESG-related risks and opportunities. The 
strategic direction set by this committee is then brought to life by the Sustainability Working Group (SWG), who is responsible for the day-to-day implementation of sustainability initiatives. This 
collaborative approach ensures that our sustainability efforts are integrated seamlessly into our business operations, upholding transparency and accountability while fostering trust among our 
stakeholders. 
The Jeffrey Sachs Center on Sustainable 
Development (JSC) at Sunway University 
acts as an advisor to the Sustainability 
Committee, supporting its recommendations 
with academic research.


---- Page 10 ----
8
We conducted an online survey among our stakeholders to assess which material issues should take precedence, taking into account 
the resources available to us.
In 2021, we engaged an extensive materiality survey involving both internal and external stakeholders 
that would give us profound insights into our position and our ESG impacts on the parties whom we 
interact with. As we progress in the year 2023, our material issues remain unchanged upon review. We 
plan to revisit and refresh our materiality assessment in the coming year, ensuring that we maintain our 
resilience to the evolving landscape of sustainability in our business operations.
Steps of the Materiality Assessment:
A. Identification of Material Issues
B. List of Material Issues
C. Stakeholder Engagement
D. Online Survey
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Since 2015, Bursa Malaysia, operating under the Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR) and Ace Market Listing Requirements, 
has mandated that all publicly listed companies in Malaysia publish a sustainability statement. With that, Sunway REIT has 
adhered to this regulation annually since then to ensure full compliance with local regulatory directive.
In September 2022, Bursa Malaysia updated the sustainability reporting requirements in the MMLR with the objective of 
raising the bar for sustainability practices and disclosures of listed issuers. The enhancement includes a list of 11 common 
sustainability matters and several sector-specific sustainability matters, ensuring a more detailed approach to the reporting.
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
Our assessment extended to involve the risks confronting our Company, which span across both the internal and 
external factors. The identified ESG risks are seamlessly integrated into Sunway REIT’s internal focus areas, including 
external, financial, operations, suppliers, regulatory, and legal. Simultaneously, we also reference major sustainability 
indices and utilise rating and ranking tools like FTSE Russell, MSCI, and Standard & Poor’s Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment (S&P CSA), among others. These resources help us in gaining insights into sector-specific risks that are 
prevalent within our industry classification.
RISKS
We had monitored global megatrends and emerging issues that had not been previously factored into our considerations; 
this exercise involved an inclusive analysis of the global risks linked to these issues that may directly or indirectly impact 
our Company. In response, we strategically aligned our course of action to support the achievement of the global agenda, 
particularly the 17 UNSDGs. This is accomplished by adopting the application of Doughnut Economic Model Framework, which 
aims to provide a safe and equitable space for humanity while staying within the confines of ecological sustainability.
GLOBAL AGENDA
 A IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
GRI 3-1, 3-2, 3-3
We embrace a dual-materiality approach, meticulously presenting financial aspects in our Annual Integrated Report and addressing non-financial material issues in our dedicated 
Sustainability Report. This comprehensive strategy ensures stakeholders gain a nuanced understanding of our performance, covering traditional financial metrics and broader non-
financial factors. The Annual Integrated Report details financial performance, while the Sustainability Report delves into environmental, social, and governance commitments. This 
transparent framework reinforces our commitment to sustainability, accountability, and responsible corporate citizenship, aligning with best practices in corporate reporting.
E. Focus Group Discussion
F . Prioritisation of Material Issues
G. Endorsement
Global
Goals
Planetary
Health
IPCC Report
Global
Megatrends
Internal
External
Doughnut
Economics
Regulatory 
Requirements

---- Page 11 ----
9
We have identified 18 material issues by consolidating the common 
concerns found across the various regulatory requirements and 
business risks. These issues have been categorised according to 
the ESG indices as shown below.
This year, we have reviewed, recategorised and renamed the 
above material issues as part of our efforts to better support 
integrated thinking between financial and non-financial 
disclosures. We included Economic material issues to address 
matters beyond ESG. You can explore this revised categorisation 
under Re-categorisation of Material Issues.
In 2021, we undertook a comprehensive online survey to determine 
the material issues that should be prioritised by considering the 
resources at our disposal. A focus group discussion involving 
our Senior Management was carried out. Additionally, we also 
conducted an online survey for both our internal and external 
stakeholders based on the 18 identified material issues.
Our engagement with our stakeholders through an online 
survey solicited their evaluation of the significance of each 
material concern. The survey also sought their perspectives 
on the importance of sustainability to Sunway REIT and the 
effectiveness of our sustainability integration efforts within our 
business operations.
The survey outcomes were meticulously compiled and visualised 
on a materiality matrix, wherein the prioritised issues found 
their place in the top right-hand corner of the materiality matrix 
quadrant, emphasising their importance to both our business 
and stakeholders. 
B LIST OF MATERIAL ISSUES  C STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  D ONLINE SURVEY
INTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS included
EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS included
Senior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Employees
Business Partners (Tenants and Lessees)
Investment Community (Unitholders, Analysts, 
Fund Managers)
Government, Local Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
Customers Media Suppliers
 IMPORTANCE TO BUSINESS
High
Low High
IMPORTANCE TO
STAKEHOLDERS
3
6
1518
14
16
17
2
4
1
5
12
8
7
9
11
10
13
Our Materiality Matrix
ENVIRONMENTAL
1. Physical Impacts of Climate  
 Change
2. Resource Management   
 (Energy)
3. Resource Management   
 (Water)
4. Resource Management  
 (Materials)
5. Pollution (Water / 
 Effluents)
6. Pollution (Emissions)
14. Corporate Governance
15. Anti-Bribery and Corruption
16. Risk and Crisis Management
17. Tax Transparency
18. Business Ethics
GOVERNANCE SOCIAL
7. Indirect Economic Impact
8. Human Capital Development
9. Diversity and Inclusion
10. Labour Standard and   
 Practices
11. Community Enrichment
12. Health and Safety
13. Customer Welfare

---- Page 12 ----
10
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
 F PRIORITISATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES
 G ENDORSEMENT
As a result of a comprehensive reassessment to reflect our management approach, of 
the 18 material matters identified, 7 were given priority. To drive long-term stakeholder 
value to fruition, understanding stakeholders’ interests and needs is key; we also allocate 
resources strategically to achieve desired outcomes that yield significant benefits for 
our stakeholders. This is eloquently reflected by our value creation model, which links 
the Company’s growth strategy with inputs, outputs, and their broader impacts.
The results of the materiality assessment were approved and endorsed by the 
Board of Directors.
As part of our efforts to better support integrated thinking and decision-making, we have recategorised and 
renamed previously identified material issues to integrate both financial and non-financial considerations. 
The application of integrated thinking and decision-making involves assessing how we interact with our 
external environment as well as the capitals we use or affect in the creation, preservation, and erosion 
of value over the short, medium, and long-term. 
This move will not only help us be more strategic in our initiatives but also assist us in consolidating our 
reporting for financial and non-financial disclosures in preparation for the implementation of International 
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)’s standards. 
Note:
In our ongoing commitment to transparency, certain Economic issues have emerged as material considerations, although not identified in 
previous ESG materiality studies. Refer to our Integrated Annual Report 2023 for a comprehensive understanding of our financial performance
ECONOMIC
ENVIRONMENTAL
 SOCIAL
GOVERNANCE
PHYSICAL IMPACTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE
POLLUTION (WASTE/EFFLUENTS)
HUMAN CAPITAL DEVELOPMENT
CUSTOMER WELFARE
HEALTH AND SAFETY
ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION
BUSINESS ETHICS
RE-CATEGORISATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES
Sunway REIT redefined 
material issue name
Original material 
issue name
 E FOCUS GROUP DISCUSSION
Following that, a focus group discussion was conducted with the C-suite of each 
business division to gain insights and further fine tune the material issues. The C-suite 
members unanimously concurred that Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 
Anti-Corruption, Pollution (Waste / Effluents), and Human Capital Development should 
be incorporated into the list of prioritised material matters.
In conclusion, the resounding consensus among the C-suite members was that Sunway 
REIT should continue its commitment to integrating sustainability into its business 
management and operations. This dedication is viewed as the linchpin for continuous 
value creation, for the benefit of both the organisation and its stakeholders.
Company’s Financial Performance Tax Transparency
Macro-economic Issues Risk and Crisis Management
Responsible and Sustainable 
Financing
Indirect Economic Impact
Brand and Reputation Business Ethics
Climate Action Physical Impacts of Climate 
Change
Resource Management Resource Management (Energy), 
Resource Management (Water), 
Resource Management (Materials)
Pollution Management Known as Pollution (Water/
Effluents), Pollution (Emissions)
Value Chain Improvement Customer Welfare 
Employee Well-being Human Capital Development, 
Health and Safety
Human Rights Diversity and Inclusion, Labour 
Standard and Practices
Community Investment Community Enrichment
Group Standards and Operation 
Procedure
Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Innovation and Technology Corporate Governance

---- Page 13 ----
11
Global 
Megatrends
• Shifting economic
• power
• Globalisation
• Industrial   
Revolution 4.0
• Digitalisation 
Global Issues
• Recession
• Economic crisis
• Financial crisis
• Supply chain 
disruption
Company’s 
Financial 
Performance 
Risks: 
•  Interest rate risk
•  Market volatility
•  Debt levels and leverage
•  Tenant default and vacancy risk
•  Operational and maintenance costs
•  Market demand and property values
•  Regulatory and tax risks
•  Liquidity risks
•  Supply chain risks
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
•  Effective interest rate risk management strategies
•  Strategies that mitigate market volatility
•  Strong tenant relationships and diversified tenant bases
•  Maintain adequate liquidity buffer
•  Timely dissemination of financial information to 
stakeholder via Annual Integrated Report and 
Quarterly Reports
•  Implement robust financial modelling and 
contingency planning to navigate potential 
economic fluctuations
•  Conduct market analysis to enhance our 
competitive edge and market positioning
•  Diversification of assets
•  Proactive tenant management and lease 
diversification (pages 51 - 55)
•  Maintain a balanced and sustainable capital 
structure
•  Keep up-to-date with regulatory updates   
(pages 28, 71 - 73)
•  Conduct Supplier Environmental and Social Risk 
Assessment to mitigate impact of supply chain 
disruptions (page 49)
201
ECONOMIC
In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global economic landscape witnessed a diverse recovery, with nations experiencing varying degrees of resilience. Despite these challenges, 
the world's economic trajectory remains intertwined with prevailing trends. Issues such as supply chain disruptions, inflation concerns, and the persistent effects of remote work and digital 
acceleration continue to shape the global economic narrative. As we navigate these complexities, achieving socially just and net-zero transitions in our financing endeavors is now confronted 
with an added layer of intricacy, underscoring the need for a nuanced and adaptive approach to address the evolving dynamics of the world economy. 
Global Outlook Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
GRI 2-29, 3-3
Climate Action Physical Impacts of Climate 
Change
Resource Management Resource Management (Energy), 
Resource Management (Water), 
Resource Management (Materials)
Pollution Management Known as Pollution (Water/
Effluents), Pollution (Emissions)
Value Chain Improvement Customer Welfare 
Employee Well-being Human Capital Development, 
Health and Safety
Human Rights Diversity and Inclusion, Labour 
Standard and Practices
Community Investment Community Enrichment
Group Standards and Operation 
Procedure
Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Innovation and Technology Corporate Governance
RESPONDING TO STAKEHOLDERS’ PRIORITIES AND CONCERNS
For more information, please refer to Sunway REIT’s Integrated Annual Report 2023
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers

---- Page 14 ----
12
Macro-economic 
Issues
Risks: 
•  Changes in interest rates
•  Inflation
•  Reduced demand for commercial properties
Stakeholder Priorities & Concerns: 
•  Potential interest rate hikes
•  Maintaining portfolio resilience and operational efficiency
•  Capital preservation and dividend stability
•  Rising costs of maintenance, repairs, and property 
management, potentially impacting the profitability of the 
REIT
•  Staying informed about regulatory changes
•  Prioritise effective interest rate risk management 
strategies
•  Deploy inflation-hedging strategies
•  Implement effective cost control
202
203
Responsible and 
Sustainable
Financing 
Risks: 
•  Inability to attract green financing
•  Refinancing risk
•  High cost of debt
•  Capital market conditions
 Stakeholder Priorities & Concerns: 
Building strong relationships with green investors and 
ensuring transparent communication about sustainable finance 
initiatives
•  Maintaining strong relationships with capital 
providers
•  Establish Sustainable Finance Framework   
(pages 24 - 25)
•  Diversify sources of debt
•  Optimise cost of debt
•  Integrate sustainability considerations into its 
capital management strategy (pages 24 - 25)
•  97.5% of our borrowings have been structured with 
sustainable finance mechanism (pages 24 - 25)
-
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities  and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers
For more information, please refer to Sunway REIT’s Integrated Annual Report 2023
For more information, please refer to Sunway REIT’s Integrated Annual Report 2023

---- Page 15 ----
13
Brand and 
Reputation
Risks: 
•  Property Portfolio Performance
•  Tenant Relations and Satisfaction
•  Ethical and responsible business practices
•  Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Performance
•  Innovation and technology adoption
 Stakeholder Priorities & Concerns: 
•  Well-managed and high-performing property portfolio
•  Strong tenant relations
•  Commitment to innovation and technology in property 
operations
•  Sunway REIT is one of the Largest Diversified REITs 
in Malaysia (page 1)
•  Conduct regular tenant and customer satisfaction 
surveys (page 54)
•  Strong governance structure with robust policies 
(page 71)
•  25% of Sunway REIT’s Senior Management’s 
scorecard is intricately linked to the company’s ESG 
performance (page 22)
•  Digitalisation of tenants and customers' experience 
(page 55) 
-
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities  and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers
For more information, please refer to Sunway REIT’s Integrated Annual Report 2023

---- Page 16 ----
14
ENVIRONMENTAL
Planetary Health underlines the inseparable connection between human well-being and the health of our planet, and that the prosperity of our civilisation hinges on the interplay of human 
health, the state of the natural ecosystems, and the responsible stewardship of our natural resources. Unfortunately, in a world where our natural systems are facing unprecedented heavy 
degradation, both our health and that of our earth are at grave risk. The consequences of failing to address climate change and continuous negative environmental impacts from human 
activities will manifest in the form of extreme weather conditions, the loss of biodiversity, and natural resources crises. 
These physical manifestations of climate change and the resulting ecological imbalances pose substantial risks to our businesses and the sustainability of our livelihoods. Therefore, our 
commitment to improve resource management, foster greater resource efficiency, reduce waste, and mitigate pollution through the practice of responsible business ethics is resolute. This 
is not just a matter of sustainability but also the safeguarding of our collective future. 
Global Megatrend 
• Rapid 
Urbanisation 
Global Issues 
• Planetary health: 
The planet 
cannot wait 
Sunway REIT 2030 
Goals 
• Goal 1: 
Transforming 
Our Portfolios 
to Low-Carbon 
Sustainable   
Assets
• Goal 2: 
Advocating 
Responsible 
Value Chain 
Climate Action Risks: 
• Climate action failure 
• Extreme weather 
• Human environmental damage 
• Natural resource crises 
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Adherence to environmental regulations, robust 
environmental data collection and reporting 
• Reduction of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, alignment 
with national/international climate goals 
• Climate change-related impacts on property values 
and operational costs, regulatory pressure, reputational 
damage 
• Indoor air quality, access to natural light, thermal comfort 
• Preservation of green spaces, wildlife corridors, impact on 
local ecosystems 
• Proactively disclose environmental data, set 
ambitious sustainability targets, report progress 
regularly via annual Sustainability Report    
(pages 22 - 23)
• Commission Climate Report (pages 27 - 36)  
• Improve risk management via a Value at Risk (VaR) 
assessment on our properties’ risk exposure to 
climate change  (pages 32 - 33)
• Implement Internal Carbon Pricing Framework  
(page 29)
• Obtain relevant environmental and green building 
certifications (page 38)  
• Retrofit existing buildings for energy efficiency and 
water conservation (page 37) 
• Implement energy-efficient technologies, offset 
carbon emissions through renewable energy 
sources (pages 39 - 40) 
• Promote walking, public transit and electric vehicle 
(EV) charging infrastructure (pages 38 - 40) 
• Implement ESG due diligence on new property 
acquisition (page 37) 
302 
305 
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
RESPONDING TO STAKEHOLDERS’ PRIORITIES AND CONCERNS
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities  and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs

---- Page 17 ----
15
Resource 
Management 
Risks: 
• Natural resource crises
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Increased energy costs 
• Availability of water
• Supply chain disruptions due to material scarcity 
• Transparency in supply chains 
• Retrofit existing buildings for energy efficiency and 
water conservation (pages 39 - 43) 
• Implement energy-efficient technologies, offset 
carbon emissions through renewable energy 
sources (page 40) 
• Implement water crisis SOP (page 42) 
• Invest in sustainable water systems, water 
treatment plant and rainwater harvesting systems 
to reduce reliance on municipal water supply   
(page 42)
• Launch Green Lease Partnership Programme  
(page 52) 
• Establish Sustainable Procurement Policy (page 49) 
• Enhance supplier environmental and social risk  
assessment (page 49) 
• Establish Code of Conduct and Business Ethics  
(pages 49 & 71)
304
Pollution 
Management 
Risks: 
• Human environmental damage 
• Natural resource crises 
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Circular economy
• Waste reduction, recycling facilities, sustainable 
landscaping
• Air and water quality, noise pollution
• Implement composting programmes, promote 
reusable packaging, reduce single-use plastics  
(pages 50 - 51) 
• Organise eco-friendly events, provide recycling and 
sustainability resources for tenants  (page 45)
• Launch Green Lease Partnership Programme  
(page 52)
• Establish Sustainable Procurement Policy  (page 49)
• Enhance supplier environmental and social risk  
assessment  (page 49)
303
306
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities  and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs

---- Page 18 ----
16
Global Megatrend 
• Demographic & 
Social Change 
Global Issues 
• Workforce trend 
• Health and 
 well- being 
• Future of work  
Sunway REIT 2030 
Goals 
• Goal 2: 
Advocating 
Responsible 
Value Chain
• Goal 3: 
Investing in 
community 
inclusivity  
Value Chain 
Improvement
Risks: 
• Labour issues 
• Products and services 
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Transparency in supply chains 
• Fair labour standards and practices 
• Human rights violations 
• Freedom of association 
• Supporting local businesses  
• Transparent communication and feedback mechanisms 
• Customer satisfaction 
• Secure commercial environments, crime prevention 
measures 
• Changes in consumer behaviour and preference 
• Establish Sustainable Procurement Policy  (page 49)
• Establish Code of Conduct and Business Ethics  
(page 71)
• Prioritise sourcing from local businesses when 
practicable  (page 49)
• Maintain and improve amenities, ensure quick and 
efficient maintenance service  (page 55)
• Create regular communication channels with 
tenants (page 55) 
• Conduct regular satisfaction survey with tenants, 
building occupants and customers (page 54) 
• Ensure all facilities meet accessibility standards  
(page 69)
• Invest in security technology  (page 55)
204 
301 
308 
414 
417 
418 
SOCIAL
After nearly three years of labour market disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the global economy is now experiencing a gradual but mixed recovery. The job market has 
witnessed notable transformations, including the return to onsite work but with more flexibility, a growing demand for technology-related skills, and an intensified focus on human rights, 
diversity, and inclusion in workplaces. 
Our commitment to our social responsibility remains unchanged as we address and navigate through these shifts. We continue to prioritise the well-being of our employees, with a strong 
focus on providing a safe and respectful workplace that values inclusivity and diversity, which ensures the preservation of our talent pool. At the same time, we continue to actively participate 
in nation-building by supporting and contributing to our communities through various projects aimed at enriching the community and providing relief to those affected by natural disasters. 
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
RESPONDING TO STAKEHOLDERS’ PRIORITIES AND CONCERNS
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers

---- Page 19 ----
17
Employee  
Well-being 
Risks: 
• Livelihood crises 
• Mental health deterioration  
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Barrier-free facilities, diverse and welcoming workplaces 
• Work-life balance, mental health support, access to 
training and development 
• Promote a diverse and inclusive work environment  
(page 61)
• Implement programmes to promote employee 
well-being, mental health, and work-life balance   
(page 58)
• Implement family friendly policies and provide 
better than industry average benefits (page 58) 
• Provide annual performance review to 100% of 
employees across all employee categories   
(page 59) 
• Invest in employees’ learning and development  
(pages 60 - 61)
• Provide safe environment (pages 63 - 66)
403 
404
Human Rights Risks: 
• Livelihood crises
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Human rights violations 
• Establish Human Rights Policy  (page 57) 401 
402 
405 
406 
407 
408 
409 
410 
411 
416
Community 
Investment
Risks: 
• Livelihood crises 
• Social cohesion erosion  
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Opportunities to connect with and give back to the local 
community 
• Collaboration on disaster preparedness 
• Actively involve in local events (pages 67 - 69) 
• Sponsor health programmes  (page 68)
413
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers

---- Page 20 ----
18
GOVERNANCE
Corporate governance covers various critical areas, including environmental consciousness, ethical conduct, corporate strategy, compensation structures, and risk management. Effective 
governance relies heavily on transparency, where records and processes are accessible to shareholders and stakeholders. The establishment of clear and unambiguous rules and controls 
is imperative. This will offer guidance to leadership, bring alignment to the interests of shareholders, directors, management, and employees, while simultaneously building trust among 
investors, the community, and public officials. 
The 2022 Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) (1) exhibits a dim picture of a stagnated movement in anti-corruption efforts globally. Corruption, when pervasive within a business, casts a 
shadow over the broader business environment and erode public trust. Additionally, corruption exerts a host of adverse impacts on businesses including the depletion of valuable resources 
and impeding business growth, eventually contributing to an upsurge in criminal activities and tarnishing the company’s hard-earned reputation. 
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs
Global Megatrend 
• ESG mandate   
in corporate   
governance 
• Technological   
Breakthroughs 
Global Issues 
• Increase ESG   
regulations 
• Cybersecurity   
Failure 
• Digital inequality   
Sunway REIT 2030 
Goals 
• Goal 4:  
Respecting
 Ethical Principles
Group Standards 
and Operating 
Procedures 
Risks: 
• Delisting 
• Insolvency 
• Bureaucratic obstacles 
• Discourage private sector development 
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Effective board composition, clear independence and 
expertise, commitment to ethical business practices 
• Consistent, accurate, and accessible reporting on all ESG 
matters 
• Robust internal controls, proactive identification and 
mitigation of risks 
• Diversify board composition (gender, ethnicity, skills), 
strengthen director training and oversight, implement 
robust conflict-of-interest policies 
• Diversify board composition (gender, ethnicity, 
skills), strengthen director training and oversight, 
implement robust conflict-of-interest policies   
(pages 62 & 71)
• Align with recognised reporting standards, expand 
disclosure on material ESG issues and engage 
independent assurance (page 1) 
• Carrying out effective risk and crisis management 
(page 71)
• Public disclosure of company policies  (page 71)
• Enforce strict whistleblower protections  (page 66)
205
206 
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
RESPONDING TO STAKEHOLDERS’ PRIORITIES AND CONCERNS
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers

---- Page 21 ----
19
Innovation and 
Technology
Risks: 
• Theft of corporate information 
• Theft of financial information 
• Loss of business or contract 
• Breach of customer privacy 
• Digital power concentration 
• Cybersecurity failure 
• Digital inequality 
Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns: 
• Data security and privacy 
• Protecting sensitive tenant information and building 
operational data within technology system 
• Increase digitalisation, automation, and adoption 
of smart technologies (pages 50, 55 & 73) 
• Employ robust cybersecurity protocols, conduct 
regular vulnerability assessments, and prioritise 
data privacy  (page 73)
• Compliance the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 
(PDPA)  (page 73)
• Implementation of e-Policy training for all 
employees  (page 61)
-
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Legend: CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators and 
Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior Management of 
Business Segments
Board of 
Directors
Business Partners (Tenants 
and Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, Fund 
Managers)
Suppliers
Global Outlook  Material Issues Risks, Stakeholder Priorities and Concerns Opportunities and Our Responses Addressed 
in this Report
GRI 
Standards UNSDGs

---- Page 22 ----
20
Stakeholders are parties impacted 
by our business decisions and 
influential in our trajectory. We 
are dedicated to engaging 
them consistently, aligning their 
priorities with our policies, and 
mapping responses systematically 
against sustainability issues. This 
integrated approach enhances our 
understanding, informing better 
decision-making and alignment 
with stakeholder concerns.
Analysts and investors briefings
Corporate publications
Corporate website 
Media releases and interviews 
Social media 
Sustainability and ESG-related 
events 
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Annual Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 
Materiality Assessment 
Internal Stakeholders
Throughout the year
Annually
Legend
External Stakeholders
OUR ENGAGEMENT 
APPROACH
STAKEHOLDER GROUPS AND THEIR ROLES
Shared success with our customers allows us to continuously grow and innovate. 
Hence, we strive to meet and exceed their expectations, delivering products and 
services that enrich their lives.
Customer satisfaction surveys
Tenant satisfaction surveys
Loyalty programmes
Community development programmes
Our authorised licence to operate is made possible through collaboration with 
these entities. Together, we navigate policy landscapes, ensuring compliance and 
contributing to the broader industry and national vision and standards.
Report submissions
Site inspections and / or audits
Meetings
Site visits
The media plays a crucial role in conveying our story, values and achievements to the 
wider audience. This partnership enhances our visibility, fostering understanding and 
trust among stakeholders.
Community engagement 
Media conference
Through mutually beneficial relationships with our business partners, we foster a 
supportive environment that enables long-term growth and prosperity for both parties, 
as well as the sustainability of the environment for our future generation.
Business partners meeting
Regular business review meeting
Business opportunity networking session
Business partners survey and feedback mechanism
The trust and support of our investment community are instrumental in providing 
capital in propelling our financial stability, growth and business diversification.
Statutory announcement
Annual General Meeting
Meetings 
Site visits
Our suppliers’ expertise, support and timely delivery of products and services are 
pivotal in fortifying our business and ensuring we meet the needs of our customers 
and clients.
Feedback forms 
Supplier risk assessment form
Tenders and biddings
Meetings 
Employees engagement training and programmes 
Town halls by Senior Management
Performance planning and review
Sunway REIT’s workforce consists of highly skilled individuals who are committed to 
excellence, ensuring seamless execution of our operations and as a result, significantly 
contribute to our ongoing success and growth.
CustomersGovernment, Local 
Authorities, Regulators 
and Industry Affiliations
Employees MediaSenior 
Management of 
Business Segments
Board of Directors Business Partners 
(Tenants and 
Lessees)
Investment Community 
(Unitholders, Analysts, 
Fund Managers)
Suppliers

---- Page 23 ----
21
UNSDGs SCORECARD
The UNSDGs represents a 
collective framework designed 
to protect peace and prosperity 
for both humanity and the earth, 
both today and for generations 
to come. These goals were 
unanimously agreed upon and 
adopted by all United Nations 
Member States in 2015, embodying 
a resounding global commitment 
to collaboratively pursue a more 
equitable and sustainable future. 
Covering 17 interconnected goals, 
the framework is an urgent call to 
action to ensure that no one is 
marginalised. 
Zero Hunger2
Distributed  2,500 meals to visitors 
/devotees in George Town during 
Thaipusam 
No Poverty 1
Collaborated with external partners, 
Sunway REIT contributed goods 
and monetary support to aid the 
underprivileged community
11 Sustainable Cities and Communities
35% of total gross floor area managed 
are green certified 
10 Reduced Inequalities
Pioneered Autism Spectrum Disorder 
(ASD) awareness in Malaysia by 
integrating autism-friendly features 
in the mall
12 Responsible Consumption and Production
Diverted 8% of our waste away from 
landfills in 2023
13 Climate Action
15,260 tonnes of CO 2e emissions 
avoided in 2023
14 Life Below Water
Sunway Resort Hotel has reaffirmed its 
commitment to elevate responsible 
seafood procurement and signed 
a memorandum of agreement (MOA)  
with WWF-Malaysia to review its 
seafood procurement policies.
15 Life on Land 
Established Biodiversity Policy  
to guide our commitment to serve 
as a regional catalyst, prioritising 
principles of preservation, conservation, 
restoration, and rehabilitation across all 
activities
16 Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions
ZERO reported cases of bribery and 
corruption
17 Partnership for the Goals
82% of Retail and Office tenants 
participated in the Green Lease 
Partnership Programme
100% Hotel master lessees participated 
in the Green Lease Partnership 
Programme
3 Good Health and Well-being
388 free dental treatment to tenants 
during Dental Health Week
4 Quality Education
Launched Sustainability Education 
Tiering Study Programmes  
to educate our business partners 
and retailers, ensuring they have the 
knowledge and resources essential for 
sustainable practices
5 Gender Equality
43% of our Board of Directors are 
women, and 87% of our employees 
are female
6 Clean Water and Sanitation
Water crisis SOPs implemented in ALL 
REIT-managed properties to ensure 
water security
7 Affordable and Clean Energy
Generated a total of 4,307 MWh of 
solar energy in 2023
8 Decent Work and Economic Growth
Established Diversity and Inclusion 
Policy to ensure equal opportunities 
and decent workplace for employees 
including individuals with disabilities
Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure9
Eliminated a total of 6.2 million parking 
tickets in 2023 via implementation of 
Sunway Smart Parking System
Zero 
Hunger
No Poverty Good Health
& Well Being
Quality
Education
Gender
Equality
Clean
Water
& Sanitation
Clean
Energy
Industry,
Innovation,
 Infrastructure
Decent Work 
and Economic 
Growth
Reduced
Inequalities
Sustainable
Cities
Responsible
Consumption
Climate
Action
Life Below
Water
Life on Land Peace,
Justice,
& strong
Institution
Partnership
for the
Goal
01 04 08 10 14 1502 03 05 07 13 16 1712110906
GRI 2-22
In 2023, Sunway REIT remains 
dedicated to advancing selected 
UNSDGs, making meaningful 
contributions to various key areas: 

---- Page 24 ----
22
Building Energy Intensity (BEI) should stay below the annual 
target set for the respective business divisions starting from 
2022. (The business segments should continue to stay below 
the BEI targets that will be lowered by 4% on a y-o-y basis up 
till 2030 to align with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change (IPCCS)'s target of 45% reduction in carbon emissions 
by 2030.) 
Green Building Index’s BEI baseline minimum (kWh/m2/year) 
Retail : 350 
Office : 150 
Hotel : 290
kWh/m2/year
Retail : 288
Office : 139
Hotel : 182
Sunway REIT 2023 BEI Targets (kWh/m2/year) 
Retail : 336 
Office	 :	144 
Hotel : 278
BEI is calculated by taking the ratio between annual energy 
consumption of a building (kWh/year) and occupied gross 
floor area of the building. A lower BEI indicates a more 
energy-efficient building, while a higher BEI indicates a less 
efficient building. 
 
Each business segment successfully achieved or met its 
respective BEI targets set in 2023.
At least of 40% of electricity from renewable energy sources 
by 2030 (5% locally generated, 35% purchased from green 
sources/solar farms) 
• Total renewable energy generated on all 
Sunway REIT properties: 18,629 MWh 
• 8.28% of total energy consumed by our 
owned and managed properties
(1.92% locally generated, 6.37% purchased 
via GET)
Owned and Managed Assets:
• Total renewable energy: 16,578 MWh
• Total RE locally generated on our properties: 2,256 MWh 
• Total RE purchased (via GET): 14,322 MWh
Leased Assets:
• Total renewable energy: 2,052 MWh
• Total renewable energy locally generated on our 
properties: 2,052 MWh 
40% waste diverted away from landfills by 2030 8% of waste diverted away from landfills In 2023, we diverted 8% of waste from landfills, which 
was an increase of 4% in diverted waste from 2022. Going 
forward, we will continue to employ the waste management 
hierarchy to divert more waste away from landfills.
SUSTAINABILITY SCORECARD
GRI 2-22
Our sustainability scorecard is pivotal in tracking our journey towards meeting goals and targets. Since 2022, sustainability has been seamlessly integrated into the evaluation and key performance 
indicators (KPIs) for our Senior Management and respective Heads of Business Segments, directly shaping their remuneration. This marks a notable paradigm shift, as now, up to 25% of the scorecard 
is intricately linked to our Senior Management's ESG performance. This includes critical aspects like overseeing Sunway REIT's climate change initiatives. Such an approach emphatically reinforces 
our dedication to aligning executive compensation with our sustainability objectives.
Sustainability Targets, Performance & Description
2030 Targets 2023 Performance Description
Progressing with delays, to review current approach Progressing but slightly behind targets, to increase efforts Progressing well and on track to achieving targets by 2030
GOAL 1: TRANSFORMING OUR PORTFOLIO INTO LOW-CARBON ASSETS
Legend: Progress Tracking
Goal 1: Transforming Our Portfolio into Low Carbon Assets

---- Page 25 ----
23
To reach out and support 1 million beneficiaries 443,104 beneficiaries impacted from 2021 to 
2023
Sunway REIT contributed to Sunway Group's effort to reach 
out and support more than 92,087 beneficiaries in 2023.
Sunway REIT reached out and supported more than 28,321 
beneficiaries in 2023.
To achieve and / or maintain MSCI ESG Rating of 'A' and 
above by 2030 
Achieved MSCI ESG Rating of 'A' Sunway REIT improved its rating from 'BB' in 2022 to an 'A' 
in 2023.
To achieve and maintain FTSE4GOOD Bursa Malaysia ESG 
rating higher than country average (Malaysia) by 2030 
Top 22% performer in the FTSE4Good ESG 
rating
Sunway REIT improved its FTSE5Good Bursa Malaysia ESG 
Score from 3.2 to 3.6.
SUSTAINABILITY SCORECARD
2030 Targets
2030 Targets
2030 Targets
2023 Performance
2023 Performance
2023 Performance
Description
Description
Description
GOAL 2: ADVOCATING A RESPONSIBLE VALUE CHAIN
GOAL 3: INVESTING IN COMMUNITY INCLUSIVITY
GOAL 4: RESPECTING ETHICAL PRINCIPLES
Achieve and maintain 100% tenant participation in Sunway 
Green Lease Partnership Programme 
•  Achieved 82% Retail and Office tenant 
participation in Sunway Green Lease 
Partnership Programme 
•  Achieved 100% Hotel master lessees' 
participation in Sunway Green Lease 
Partnership Programme 
Sunway REIT implemented the Sunway Green Lease 
Partnership Programme in 2022. 
Progressing with delays, to review current approach Progressing but slightly behind targets, to increase efforts Progressing well and on track to achieving targets by 2030Legend: Progress Tracking
Goal 4: Respecting Ethical Principles 
Goal 3: Investing in Community Inclusivity 
Goal 2: Advocating A Responsible Value Chain

---- Page 26 ----
24
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE
In 2021, Sunway REIT became the first Malaysian Real Estate Investment Trust (M-REIT) to integrate sustainability considerations into its capital management strategy through the issuance 
of Malaysia’s first-ever Sustainability-Linked Bond (SLB) under SUNREIT Bond Berhad (formerly known as SUNREIT Unrated Bond Berhad) (SUB). The SLB featured pricing adjustments tied 
to predefined Sustainability Performance Targets (SPTs). Building on this momentum, in 2022, Sunway REIT continued its dedication by securing a substantial total commitment exceeding 
RM2.0 billion in sustainable finance. In 2023, we executed our first sustainability-linked CCS in collaboration with HSBC and further increased the total commitment to RM4.7 billion. More 
than 97.5% of our borrowings have been structured with sustainable finance mechanism.
The SPTs are measured against the following two selected KPIs that are core, relevant, and material 
to the business of Sunway REIT.
In April 2023, Sunway REIT executed our first sustainability-linked CCS in Malaysia, with HSBC 
serving as the lender and swap bank. This one-year RM200 million transaction converts a 
floating-rate foreign currency loan into fixed-rate obligations in Malaysian Ringgit, providing 
Sunway REIT with a mechanism to hedge against both currency and interest rate risks, thereby 
enhancing the predictability of its cash flow projections. This innovative solution also connects 
the economic terms of the swap with the two sustainability KPIs mentioned above. 
HSBC collaborated closely with Sunway REIT to ensure that the targets are aligned with Sunway 
REIT's overall sustainability objectives and are ambitious enough to stimulate improvements in 
the portfolio. Sunway REIT’s performance against the KPIs will influence the net swap financing 
cost, with pre-agreed sustainability adjustments, thereby contributing to potential interest 
savings if the SPTs are met. 
This collaboration with HSBC on the sustainability-linked CCS enables the conversion of over 90% 
of Sunway REIT’s borrowing facilities into sustainable finance, delivering positive environmental 
impacts while encouraging lower financing costs. Linking the CCS to precise sustainability 
performance targets enabled a customised structure, providing tangible and measurable 
incentives for Sunway REIT to realise our sustainability aspirations. The CCS solution signifies 
another stride forward in advancing Malaysia’s sustainable finance market and aligns with Sunway 
REIT’s ambition to meet its ESG goals.
As of December 2023, Sunway REIT has successfully secured a total commitment of RM4.7 
billion in sustainable finance from the following sources:
Sunway REIT is pleased to have achieved the SPTs set for Sunway REIT for the first 2 years of 2021 
and 2022, and Sunway REIT was rewarded with lower financing costs and total savings verified of 
approximately RM1.8 million since 2021.
Annual Renewable Energy Generation 
(MWh)
KPI 1 is measuring the renewable 
energy generated by Sunway REIT's 
properties.
Building Energy Intensity (kWh/m2/year)
KPI 2 is measuring the weighted average 
building energy intensity of Sunway 
Pyramid Mall, Sunway Carnival Mall and 
Sunway Putra Mall.
RENEWABLE ENERGY ENERGY EFFICIENCY
Components 
of sustainable 
finance
Revolving Credit
RM0.3 billion
RM2.1 billion
RM2.0 billion
RM0.3 billion
Medium-Term Notes
Revolving Loan
Cross Currency Swap
KPI KPI1 2
Green Bond Principles and 
Social Bond Principles of 
the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA)
ASEAN Green Bond 
Standards and ASEAN 
Social Bond Standards 
of the ASEAN Capital 
Markets Forum
Green Loan Principles 
and Social Loan 
Principles of the Loan 
Market Association
Sustainability-linked
RM4.7 
billion
(from RM2.05 billion as of 
December 2022)
SILVER
The SLB framework, which governs the terms of the SLB, received a Silver Impact Bond 
Assessment from the MARC. MARC expressed the view that the framework aligns with the 
fundamental components of: 

---- Page 27 ----
25
How is Sunway REIT supporting the decarbonisation of Asia’s real estate?:
https://www.business.hsbc.com/en-gb/insights/sustainability/sunway-reit#:~:text=Sunway%20REIT%20has%20
adopted%20a,waste%20away%20from%20the%20landfill.
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE

---- Page 28 ----
26
Sunway REIT is committed to achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 through the comprehensive decarbonisation of portfolios. 
We have outlined initiatives such as an internal carbon pricing mechanism, efficient resource management, and pollution control 
measures, alongside the pursuit of green-building certifications, to reduce the overall impact throughout our buildings’ lifecycle.
TRANSFORMING OUR PORTFOLIO INTO 
LOW-CARBON ASSETS 
GOAL
1
Natural
Portfolio
Social And Relationship
•  Renewable Energy
•  Energy-saving Initiatives
•  Water-efficient Fittings
•  Rainwater Harvesting
•  Waste Reduction
•  Waste Diversion from Landfills
•  Climate Action
•  Resource Management
•  Pollution Management
•  Resource Optimisation
•  Minimal Negative Environmental and Social Impacts
•  Enhancing Circular Economy Practices
CAPITAL
MATERIAL ISSUES
ACTIVITIES
VALUE CREATED

---- Page 29 ----
27
TRANSFORMING OUR PORTFOLIO INTO 
LOW-CARBON ASSETS CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
GRI 201-2, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3
Climate change presents an array of significant challenges to 
Malaysia; affecting its environment, economy, and society on 
many levels. In the World Bank Group and Asian Development 
Bank’s Climate Risk Country Profile: Malaysia (2021) Report, 
a disconcerting picture was painted, projecting a potential 
temperature rise of 3.11℃ by the 2090s under the worst-case 
climate change scenario. 
Malaysia is already dealing with the implications of a surge in 
extreme weather events. As of 27 Dec 2023, Agensi Pengurusan 
Bencana Malaysia (NADMA) reported flooding and in 17 districts 
in the states of Johor, Kelantan, Pahang, Sabah, and Terengganu 
with a total of 2 persons dead and 7,975 families/ 25,676 persons 
displaced in 133 evacuation centres. In addition, a total of 17 
families / 87 people remain displaced due to a landslide at 
Cameron Highlands (Pahang) since week 41 of 2023. According 
to Jabatan Kerja Raya (JKR) as of 27 Dec 2023, a total of 82 
roads were affected by flooding, 10 roads were affected by slope 
landslides, 2 roads collapsed, and 2 bridges were damaged. 
Amidst global concerns raised by environmentalists and climate 
activists, the impending threats of severe heat waves, rising sea 
levels from melting glaciers and polar ice caps, as well as flash 
floods, hurricanes, drought, and heavy rainfall, demand the urgent 
need to address climate change. This growing apprehension warns 
of dire consequences, including the loss of biodiversity, water 
scarcity, increased health risks, social displacement, and economic 
disruption. These potential calamities loom if the planet’s average 
temperature exceeds 1.5℃ above pre-industrial levels.
Our strategies to address climate-related and water security risks 
include setting emission reduction targets, implementing water 
management Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), diversifying 
water source and stakeholder engagement. We also set a price 
on carbon emission to embed the cost of carbon emissions in our 
business decisions. This practice guides investment strategies, 
encourages emission reduction initiatives, and helps achieve 
our carbon reduction targets. Internal carbon pricing fosters 
accountability, drives innovation, and positions us to effectively 
navigate evolving regulatory landscapes while advancing our 
sustainability goals.
In the Climate Report: Net Zero by 2050 section, we provide a transparent account of our robust strategy and initiatives in addressing climate change and water security issues, aligning 
with internationally recognised frameworks for disclosing climate-related information.
In 2021, Sunway REIT was one of the first few Malaysian companies to join over 1,700 organisations worldwide to support the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The recommendations support the goals 
of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to below two degrees Celsius, compared with pre-industrial levels and aims to 
achieve a carbon neutral world by 2050. 
Following the publication of the inaugural International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) Standards—International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) S1 and IFRS S2; the Financial Stability Board has asked the International IFRS Foundation to take over 
the monitoring of the progress on companies’ climate-related disclosures from the TCFD. As IFRS S1 and IFRS S2 fully incorporate 
the recommendations of the TCFD, Sunway REIT will start preparations to adopt ISSB’s Standards in our future climate report 
to further enhance our reporting standards.
Source: Selangor floods: Surprise or failure?: https://www.malaysiakini.com/newsletter/603755

---- Page 30 ----
28
Sustainability at Sunway REIT is governed by the REIT’s Sustainability Committee through a top-down approach. The Sustainability Committee has oversight of the REIT’s sustainability strategies 
and issues, including climate-related risks and opportunities, key ESG targets and performances, as well as progress and scorecard. Comprising of three Directors from REIT’s Board of Directors, the 
Sustainability Committee meets at least twice a year and is supported by the SWG which meets on a monthly basis.
Sustainability is integrated into our management and daily operations, in line with the recommendation of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad’s Listing Requirements and the Malaysian Code 
on Corporate Governance (MCCG) requirements.
Practice 4.1
Responsibilities and Strategies for Sustainable Governance
The Board, the Sustainability Committee, and the SWG meet regularly in their respective settings 
to identify material ESG issues and allocate resources accordingly to address these issues.
Practice 4.2
Transparency and Communication
Sunway REIT is committed to transparency and regularly communicates its sustainability strategies, 
priorities, and targets, as well as performance against these targets to its stakeholders via 
various platforms and channels. These avenues of communication include the annual Integrated 
Report and Sustainability Report, analyst and investor updates, media releases and interviews, 
and employee engagement such as town hall meetings and training, as well as development 
programmes, among others.
Practice 4.3
Up-To-Date Knowledge
Sunway REIT’s Board Members, Sustainability Committee, Senior Management and SWG are 
kept updated with the rapidly evolving regulatory requirements and ESG updates. The Board 
has also appointed the Jeffrey Sachs Center on Sustainable Development (JSC) to conduct VaR 
assessment on the Company’s properties and to assess climate-related risks at the due diligence 
stage for new property acquisition.
Practice 4.4
Climate-related Performance Metrics
In 2023, Sunway REIT continued to integrate sustainability into Senior Management’s performance 
evaluations and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), which are linked to ESG performance, including 
climate change matters. The KPIs are aligned with Sunway REIT’s 2030 Sustainability Goals 
and Targets. They are cascaded to leaders and employees of the business segments within 
Sunway REIT, tracked, and reported annually. The heads of each business segment have had 
their remuneration linked to ESG performance since 2022.
Practice 4.5
Step Up
Ms. Jacqueline Wong Yin Teng assumed the role of Head of Sustainability on 1st July 2023, 
focusing on integrating ESG considerations into the business and operations to achieve Board-
approved sustainability targets. Reporting directly to the CEO, her responsibilities include 
developing and executing sustainability strategies, ensuring compliance with sustainability-
related regulatory requirements and facilitating effective communication between the Board, 
Sustainability Committee, Working Group, and across the business segments. Additionally, she is 
tasked with fostering sustainability awareness and capacity-building across the business segments.
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
GOVERNANCE
Sunway REIT aims to achieve Net Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050 and have prepared this Climate Report in line with the recommendations of TCFD to better identify and manage climate-related 
and water security risks, ensuring a more resilient business strategy.
For more information on Sustainability Governance, please refer to page 7

---- Page 31 ----
29
STRATEGY
CLIMATE CHANGE
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
Sunway REIT is committed to achieving net 
zero carbon emissions and has drawn out 
a roadmap with a three-pronged strategic 
framework roadmap.  
Our net zero roadmap outlines specific 
actions, milestones, and a timeline to guide 
the transition toward a net zero carbon 
emissions footprint. 
Sunway REIT Net Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050 Roadmap
2010 2021 2023
NET ZERO
2030 2050
We have set future value goals 
and 2030 targets to transform 
our portfolios into low-carbon 
sustainable assets.
From now until 2030, Sunway REIT’s focus is on reducing 
residual emissions by improving efficiency and using energy 
substitution. In 2021, we established an Internal Carbon 
Pricing framework to prepare for potential transition risks 
arising from climate-related issues, setting it at RM15 
per tonne of Carbon Dioxide equivalent (CO 2e) emission 
emitted above a threshold level. This decision-making tool 
helps our business segments understand their exposure to 
external carbon pricing schemes, guides their decisions and 
investments, and assigns a value to their GHG emissions in 
a way that drives positive change in their business.  
Our managed assets should continue to stay below the 
set targets, reducing by 3.5% to 4% annually up to 2030 
to align with the IPCC target of a 45% reduction in carbon 
emissions by 2030.
To achieve net 
zero carbon 
emissions by 
2050, we plan 
to explore 
Corporate 
Green Power 
Programmes 
and Virtual 
Power Purchase 
Agreements.
Global temperature 
is estimated to reach 
between 4.0°C and 
5.0°C without any 
mitigation efforts.
Global warming is 
limited to 1.5°C with 
mitigation efforts, 
in line with the Paris 
Agreement goal.
By 2030, we target to 
reduce our residual 
emissions by 45%
By 2050, we 
target to reach
Decarbonisation
Resource Management
Pollution Management
On Track Towards
Achieving 2030 Targets
Accelerating Decarbonisation Getting To
Net Zero
Strategic
Framework:
Net Zero Pathway
Business as usual
Internal Carbon Pricing
• Emissions avoidance (Energy efficiency 
improvement)
• Energy substitution (Renewable energy)
Engaging with stakeholders to reduce Scope 3 
emissions
• Upstream - Suppliers (Sustainable procurement 
& supply chain practices)
• Downstream - Tenants (Sunway Green Lease 
Partnership Programme)
Implementation:
Goal 2: Advocating A Responsible Value Chain

---- Page 32 ----
30
STRATEGY
WATER SECURITY
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
While Malaysia generally faces low water risk and our properties 
are mostly not in water-stressed areas, we have experienced 
frequent unscheduled disruptions from the municipal water 
supply. Water security is crucial for Sunway REIT due to water-
intensive activities, especially in food & beverages (F&B) outlets, 
cooling towers, toilets, pantries, water features, irrigation, and 
washing. Hotels, too, rely on a continuous water supply to cater 
to various hospitality services, including stays and events like 
conferences and banquets.
By implementing preventive and sustainable measures, we 
ensured a continuous water supply to sustain our business 
operations. Here are some of the strategies and measures to 
enhance our water security:
Implement Water-efficient Fittings within our buildings, such as 
self-closing taps and waterless urinals to minimise water wastage.
Diversify Our Water Sources to reduce our reliance on a single 
supply. In addition to our municipal water supply, we also source 
water from Sunway South Quay Lake which accounts for 51% of 
our water supply.
Develop a Water Crisis Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) 
that specifies the emergency response process flow when a water 
disruption occurs, including measures such as:
•  Reducing the number of operating toilets and turning off the 
pressure pumps to minimise flushing volume.
•  Reducing air-conditioning usage and increasing the tem-
perature in our malls to reduce the water consumption by 
the cooling towers.
•  Rescheduling activities that require a substantial amount 
water, such as for air-conditioning equipment servicing.
All our managed properties were required to produce a Water Crisis SOP , enabling us to craft a more detailed action plan. 
Water crisis is defined as water supply disruption from both municipal water supply and supply from water treatment plant. 
This plan includes important information such as the capacity of tanks and how long the water supply would last during a 
disruption, as shown below:
1-2 day
4 1 2
1-2 day 1-2 day>2 day
0 3 0
>2 day >2 day<1 day
2 1 1
<1 day <1 day
Sunway City Kuala Lumpur Non-Sunway City Kuala Lumpur
KL/Selangor Outside KL/SelangorWater Sources Diversification
• In the event of water treatment 
plant breakdown or municipal 
supply disruption, four of our 
managed properties in SCKL 
(Sunway Resort Hotel, Sunway 
Pyramid Hotel, Sunway Lagoon 
Hotel and Sunway Pinnacle) can 
operate for up to 2 days without 
disruption.
• In the event of municipal water 
supply disruption, three of our 
properties (Wisma Sunway, 
Sunway Tower, Sunway Putra 
Tower) can continue to operate 
more than 2 days without 
disruption.
• In the event of municipal water 
supply disruption, Sunway Hotel 
Georgetown and Sunway Hotel 
Seberang Jaya can continue to 
operate for up to 2 days without 
disruption. 
Duration each property can last during water crisis
No. of Properties
(Sunway Hotel Georgetown, Sunway Hotel 
Seberang Jaya and Sunway Carnival Mall)
Sunway REIT’s properties in SCKL are 
connected to the water treatment plant, 
minimising the impact of water disruptions 
during a municipal crisis.
Water tankers are on standby mode for deployment in the event of water crises.
The deployment priority will be based on availability of water in each of the properties’ water tanks.

---- Page 33 ----
31
RISK MANAGEMENT
CLIMATE CHANGE - Scenario Analysis WATER SECURITY - Scenario Analysis
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas Worst-case Scenarios
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
A climate Value at Risk (VaR) assessment was carried out on the REIT’s 19 properties by JSC in 2021 
and updated in 2022. No reassessment of VaR has been done in 2023 as there is no occurrence of 
significant event or change in circumstances that will affect climate-related risks and opportunities 
throughout our value chain.
In addition to the VaR study, we have reviewed our water-related risks using the World Resource 
Institute (WRI)’s Aqueduct tool on the same set of properties. The assessment focuses on water 
availability in terms of quality and quantity, as unavailability of both could potentially impact our 
business operations. 
The above following infographic illustrates the potential climate change outcomes in four different 
scenarios and determines which risks would most affect an organisation. Physical risks to an 
organisation are most apparent in the Business-as-usual (4°C warming) scenario as climate changes 
significantly, whereas transition risks are most material in the 2°C or less warming scenario, driven 
by stakeholder demands to speed up the transition to a low-carbon  economy.
In the Business-as-usual (4°C) scenario, the firm is highly impacted by physical risks; in the 
Aggressive mitigation (2°C or less) scenario, the firm is highly impacted by transition risks.
Climate impacts generally 
constrained but not avoided
CO2 concentration falling 
before end of century
May require ‘negative emissions’ – 
removing CO 2 from the air – before 
2100
Business impacted by policy changeBusiness impacted by climate change
CO2 concentration three to four 
times higher than pre-industrial 
levels
Our 
potential 
world in 
2100
Emissions continue rising at  
current rates
RCP 8.5*
As likely as not to exceed 
4°C
Some mitigationBusiness-as-usual
Emissions rise to 2080 then fall 
RCP 6.0*
Likely to exceed 
2°C
Strong mitigation
Emissions stabilise at half today’s 
levels by 2080 
RCP 4.5*
More likely than not to exceed  
2°C
Aggressive mitigation
Emissions halve by 2050 
RCP 2.6*
Not likely to exceed  
2°C
More acidic oceans
Reduced risks of ‘tipping 
points’ and irreversible 
change
Sea level rises by half to one metre
Arctic summer sea ice almost gone
More heatwaves, changes in rainfall 
patterns and monsoon systems
Worst-case scenario for physical risks Worst-case scenario for transition risks
Source: IPCC (2013) Climate Change Action, Trends and Implications for Business, IPCC 5th Assessment Report.
* The four Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) scenarios each predict carbon emissions and resultant warming.
Baseline (2023) 
Future (2030) Future (2050) 
Water Stress Level
Low
Low to Medium
Medium to High
High
Extremely High
<10%
10-20%
20-40%
40-80%
>80%
Selangor
Selangor
Selangor
Pahang Pahang
Pahang
Terengganu Terengganu
Terengganu
Perak Perak
Perak
Kelantan Kelantan
Kelantan
Pulau 
Pinang
Pulau 
Pinang
Pulau 
Pinang
Kedah Kedah
Kedah
Perlis Perlis
Perlis
Putrajaya
Putrajaya
Putrajaya
Negeri 
sembilan
Negeri 
sembilan
Negeri 
sembilan
Melaka
Melaka
Melaka
Johor
Johor
Johor
Kuala 
Lumpur
Kuala 
Lumpur
Kuala 
Lumpur
Climate Change 2023 B Water Security 2023 C

---- Page 34 ----
32
The objective of the VaR is to evaluate Sunway REIT’s risk 
exposure to climate change. The levels of VaR were categorised 
by the JSC as follow:
The VaR assessment was conducted based on the worst-
case scenario as described by the IPCC Assessment Report 6 
published in August 2021, which estimated that the sea-level rise 
in Southeast Asia will increase between 0.4 m and 1.1 m in the 
long-term (2081-2100), and that maximum one-day precipitation 
will increase between 6.7% and 46.6.% within the same period.
Scenario Analysis
VaR Assessment
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
-20
2015 2050 2100
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
Carbon dioxide GtCO 2/yr
SSP1 - 1.9
SSP1 - 2.6
SSP2 - 4.5
SSP3 - 7.0
SSP5 - 8.5
Scenario Near term 
(2021-2040)
Mid-term 
(2041-2060)
Long term 
(2081-2100)
Best
estimate
(°C)
Very likely
range
(°C)
Best
estimate
(°C)
Very likely
range
(°C)
Best
estimate
(°C)
Very likely
range
(°C)
SSP1-1.9 1.5 1.2 to 1.7 1.6 1.2 to 2.0 1.4 1.0 to 1.8
SSP1-2.6 1.5 1.2 to 1.8 1.7 1.3 to 2.2 1.8 1.3 to 2.4
SSP2-4.5 1.5 1.2 to 1.8 2.0 1.6 to 2.5 2.7 2.1 to 3.5
SSP3-7.0 1.5 1.2 to 1.8 2.1 1.7 to 2.6 3.6 2.8 to 4.6
SSP5-8.5 1.6 1.3 to 1.9 2.4 1.9 to 3.0 4.4 3.3 to 5.7
8.5 Worst-case scenario relative to other scenarios
SLR forecasted range for the SSP5-8.5 worst-case scenario for 2081 to 2100 in the Southeast Asian region
Range of maximum one-day precipitation for 2081 to 2100 for the Southeast Asian region
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Assessment Report 6 (IPCC AR6) Working Group I describes five scenarios, 
of which the worst-case scenario, Shared Socioeconomic Pathway 5 (SSP5) - 8.5, was used in this climate VaR assessment.
Each scenario is labelled to identify both the emissions level and the so-called SSP . The SSPs are based on five narratives describing 
broad socioeconomic trends that could shape future society.
SPP1 Sustainability - Taking the Green Road (Low challenges to mitigation and adaptation)
SPP2 Middle of the Road (Medium challenges to mitigation and adaptation)
SPP3 Regional Rivalry - A Rocky Road (High challenges to mitigation and adaptation)
SPP4 Inequality - A Road Divided (Low challenges to mitigation, high challenges to adaptation)
SPP5 Fossil-fuelled Development - Taking the Highway (High challenges to mitigation, low challenges to adaptation)
Period Scenario Median (metres) P25|P75 P10|P90 P5|P95
Near term (2021-2040) SSP5-8.5 0.1 0.1|0.1 0.0|0.2 0.0|0.2
Mid-term (2041-2060) SSP5-8.5 0.3 0.2|0.3 0.1|0.4 0.1|0.4
Long-term (2081-2100) SSP5-8.5 0.7 0.5|0.9 0.4|1.0 0.4|1.1
Period Scenario Median (%) P25|P75 P10|P90 P5|P95
Near term (2021-2040) SSP5-8.5 4.2 2.1|7.1 1.2|8.0 0.1|8.9
Mid-term (2041-2060) SSP5-8.5 9.0 4.5|13.9 2.6|17.5 1.8|20.3
Long-term (2081-2100) SSP5-8.5 22.3 9.7|35.5 7.2|45.2 6.7|46.6
IPCC AR6 Working Group I Interactive Index using Coupled Model Intercomparison Project Phase 6 (CMIP 6), 2021 - 
https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg1/downloads/report/IPCC_AR6_WGI_SPM_final.pdf
Source: IPCC AR6 Working Group I, Assessment Report 6 
Interactive Index, 2021
VaRHIGHMEDIUMLOW
Vulnerable to physical risks due to Sea Level Rise (SLR) 
or higher rain intensity AND Vulnerable to material 
physical risks (i.e. Max. historical annual damages cost 
ratio >>5%)
Vulnerable to physical risks due to SLR or higher rain 
intensity AND NOT Vulnerable to large potential 
damages physical risks (i.e. Max. historical annual 
damages cost ratio >>5%)
Low vulnerability to physical risks due to SLR or higher 
rain intensity
CLIMATE CHANGE

---- Page 35 ----
33
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
The VaR study states that Malaysia 
is not expected to experience wind 
speed changes that could damage 
buildings, as it is not located within 
a hurricane/ typhoon zone. Existing 
chillers in buildings do not need to be 
enhanced, as chillers are designed to 
operate under far harsher conditions 
than those expected in Malaysia 
even at more than 4°C. As such, the 
19 properties of Sunway REIT were 
assessed against the following two 
types of physical risks, acute and 
chronic, which could have, which 
could have material adverse impacts 
on buildings in Malaysia.
Physical Risks
Transition Risks
Potential Financial Risks and Potential Financial Opportunities of Climate-related Physical Risks
Transition risks are changes that a firm 
is expected to navigate as society 
transitions to a low-carbon economy. 
The impact of these transition risks is 
expected to be more material in the 
2°C or less warming scenario. Under 
the TCFD framework, there are four 
types of transition risks; policy and 
legal risk, technology risk, market 
risk, and reputation risk.  These risks 
are presented alongside potential 
financial risks and potential financial 
opportunities. 
Potential Financial Risks and Potential Financial Opportunities of Climate-related Transition Risks
Types of Transition Risks Potential Financial Risks Potential Financial Opportunities
Policy and Legal
Medium-term (6-10 years) to
Long-term (≥11 years)1
•  Carbon tax increases operating costs of high-carbon emission assets
•  Exposure to litigation
•  Regulations mandating green products and services (i.e., green buildings) 
increase asset enhancement initiatives
Cost savings from operating efficient green buildings (reduced 
electricity usage, reduced water usage)
Technology 
Short term (1-5 years) 
to Long-term (≥11 years)2
Not material •  Technology to retrofit more efficient systems (reduced elec-
tricity usage, reduced water usage)
•  Recycling technologies (rainwater harvesting, recycling waste 
material)
Market 
Short term (1-5 years) to 
Long-term (≥11 years)3
•  Increasing consumer preferences to patronise a green property asset
• Increasing cost to own or lease green property assets
Be a market leader in providing experiences in a green property 
asset (green lease with tenants)
Reputation 
Short term (1-5 years) 
to Long-term (≥11 years)3
•  Increasing consumer preferences for companies that have green reputation
•  Increasing stakeholder concern about climate change (difficulty to secure 
government approvals, difficulty in accessing financing, increasing shareholder 
activism for climate action)
Be a brand leader in providing experiences in a green property 
asset
Notes:
1 In Malaysia, mandatory regulations on green buildings are not likely in the short term (1-5 years) 
2 Climate transition technology applicable to the property-owned and operated sector is currently commercially available (e.g. light-emitting diode (LED) lights, solar panels, energy-efficient cooling systems) 
3 We take the view that in Malaysia, consumers and stakeholders in society (e.g. the government, investors, Non-Governmental Organisation (NGOs)) already have preferences for green products and services; however, they are still at a nascent stage and not yet   
 comprehensively embraced
Types of Physical Risks Potential Financial Risks Potential Financial Opportunities
Acute
Short-term (1-5 years) 
to Long-term (≥11 years)
• Increasing frequency of extreme weather events (floods, heavy rain, landslides)
 »  Disruption of the provision of services dependent on the property asset thus 
loss of revenue
• Higher cost of repairs
• Higher insurance premiums
Acquire or lease properties that have low physical risks or have 
adequately mitigated physical risks
Chronic
Long-term (≥11 years)
• Higher mean temperatures:
 »  Higher operating cost of running chillers for longer hours and at higher 
intensity
•  Higher sea levels
 »  Increasing frequency of flooding damage if building is not designed with 
flood mitigation plans, to buffer against increasingly higher king tide events
Acquire or lease properties that have low physical risks or have 
adequately mitigated physical risks
Physical Risk
Transition Risk
Refer to risks of climate events physically damaging the properties in Sunway REIT's portfolio.
Refer to changes that an organisation is expected to face and navigate as society transitions to a low-carbon economy.
The three  types of material physical risks  in Malaysia 
The four types of transition risks  identified by TCFD
• Market 
• Reputation
• Policy and Legal 
• Technology 
• Rising Temperatures• SLR
• Increased Rainfall 
Intensity 

---- Page 36 ----
34
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
CLIMATE CHANGE
Conclusion
WATER SECURITY
Based on the climate VaR 
study, Sunway REIT’s property 
portfolio has an overall low 
VaR, although it is exposed to 
risks of flash floods and water 
seepage during heavy rain. 
Ten of the properties have 
low VaR, while eight have 
medium VaR. One property, 
Sunway Pier, is classified as 
high VaR because of its close 
proximity to the coastline. 
However, extensive mitigation 
measures have been taken by 
Sunway REIT to enable the 
property to cope with SLR 
and floods estimated in the 
IPCC Assessment Report 6’s 
worst-case scenario.
Therefore, the REIT will 
continue to monitor all our 
properties to protect them 
against material climate-
related physical risks (floods, 
increased rainfall intensity, 
and landslides) and to put 
appropriate mitigation 
measures in place.
Water security requires a balance between 
the quantity and quality of water resources.
Water scarcity and poor water quality can 
contribute to social unrest, conflicts over 
resources, and population displacement. 
In some regions, competition for water 
resources has the potential to escalate into 
geopolitical tensions.
Additionally, inadequate water quantity 
and poor water quality make communities 
more vulnerable to shocks, such as natural 
disasters, environmental degradation, and 
disease outbreaks.
RISKS 
Quality
Access to high-quality freshwater, requiring minimal treatment, 
is vital for our operations. Our reliance on municipal supply 
and water treatment is contingent on freshwater availability. 
Any contamination could disrupt our withdrawal and supply 
operations, potentially affecting business activities. Conversely, 
we are required to ensure that water discharged from our assets 
is within permissible limits.
Flooding poses a serious threat to Sunway REIT’s assets, 
potentially causing extensive damage and substantial repair 
costs. In addition to temporary inhabitation or unavailability for 
tenants, there is a risk of income loss during repairs. Business 
interruption, insurance claims, temporary relocations and 
supporting tenants in resuming operations may incur additional 
costs.
Quantity
Sunway REIT uses the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas developed 
by the WRI to assess and visualise water-related risks in our 
properties as these risks could potentially impact our business 
operations.
All of Sunway REIT’s properties are located in Malaysia, 
assessed by WRI to have a low-medium overall water risk 
despite exposure to the risk of flash floods and water seepage. 
Within the country, the majority of our properties are situated 
in urban areas, which are not considered water-stressed areas.
OPPORTUNITIES 
Over 51% of our total water withdrawal comes from fresh 
surface water treated at the Sunway South Quay Lake water 
treatment plant. The remaining 49% is supplied by municipal 
sources. This minimises business interruption during regional 
water disruptions, enabling tenants in our retail and office 
properties within Sunway City KL to operate without disruption. 
Likewise, our hotel guests within Sunway City KL can experience 
an uninterrupted stay despite water cuts. 
Poor Water Supply: 
Disruption to business 
operations and legal 
implications
Non-compliant Wastewater 
Discharge / Effluent: 
Potential fines, penalties and 
legal implications
Excess Water:   
Increased frequency and 
intensity of heavy rainfall 
events causing floods and 
water seepage into buildings 
and landslides
Shortage of Water: 
Disruption to business 
operations if water security is 
not prioritised
Quality
Quantity
Water Treatment 
Plant
Rainwater 
Harvesting
Municipal Potable 
Water 
Alternative Water 
Sources 
51%
49% 0.4%
99.6%
AVAILABILITY OF WATER
WATER-RELATED RISKS

---- Page 37 ----
35
SCOPE 1
DIRECT 
EMISSIONS
0.002%
0.2
Company vehicles
SCOPE 2
INDIRECT 
EMISSIONS
Purchased electricity 
51,264
tonnes
Use of sold products
695,320
tonnes
SCOPE 3
INDIRECT 
EMISSIONS
Direct GHG emissions
that occur from sources
owned or controlled,
such as company
vehicles
of Total CO2e Emissions
7%
of Total CO2e Emissions
93%
of Total CO2e Emissions
tonnes
14
Company facilities 
tonnes
Indirect GHG 
emissions from
purchased electricity
All other indirect
GHG emissions
from upstream and
downstream activities
Business travel
Employee commuting
16
16
tonnes
tonnes
Downstream leased assets
20,803
tonnes
Waste generated in operations
5,323
tonnes
Purchased goods and services
1,335
tonnes
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
Notes:
1 Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
2  Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions data from 2019 to 2022 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection and recategorisation of Sunway REIT’s GHG inventory
Monitoring and reporting on our Greenhouse Gases 
(GHG) emissions allow us to track our carbon footprint and 
mitigate climate-related risks. We have been reporting on 
our Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions since 2016 using the 
relevant emission factors provided by the United Kingdom 
and Malaysian Green Technology and Climate Change 
Centre (MGTC).  In the absence of local data, we turn to 
international sources like the Department for Environment, 
Food & Rural Affairs (DEFRA), for comprehensive reporting. 
Our carbon emissions are calculated according to the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development and World 
Resources Institute’s (WBCSD / WRI) GHG Protocol, a 
corporate accounting and reporting standard deemed best 
practice for corporate or organisational emissions reporting.
TOTAL CO2e EMISSIONS IN 2023 (SCOPE 1, 2 AND 3)
METRICS AND TARGET
774,091
tonnes total CO2e 
emissions 
SCOPE
 
2SCOPE
 
1
SCOPE 3

---- Page 38 ----
36
CLIMATE REPORT: NET ZERO BY 2050
BUILDING ENERGY INTENSITY TARGETS
FY2019
FY2019
FY2020
FY2020
CY2021
CY2021
FY2022
FY2022
FY2023
FY2023
Notes: 
• Figures stated may not round up due to rounding of decimals
• The emissions reporting boundary for Scope 1, 2, and 3 is disclosed based on the 
operation control for Sunway REIT
• Scope 1 includes direct emissions from fuel used generator set and petrol for 
company vehicles
•  Scope 2 includes indirect emissions from purchased electricity consumed by 
operational activities of Sunway REIT
• Scope 3 includes emissions arising from property maintenance / development 
operational activities (e.g. purchased goods and services, waste generated, business 
travel, employee commuting) and tenants’ operational activities (e.g. downstream 
leased assets)
• Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions data from 2019 to 2022 are restated, 
reflecting enhancements in data collection and recategorisation of Sunway REIT’s 
GHG inventory
• Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in 
August 2023. GHG emission data are accounted up to August 2023
METRICS AND TARGET
16
57
74
14
757,133
514,925
445,983
652,730
722,814
8639,190
42,195
56,827
51,264
41,855
tonnes CO2e emission
tonnes CO2e emission
Scope 1 Scope 2
Scope 3
TOTAL CO2e EMISSION (tonnes)
2023 Performance
2023 Targets
2024 Targets
2030 Targets
139
144
138
108
Office
kWh/m2/year kWh/m2/yearkWh/m2/yearUnit
Business
Dision
288
336
323
252
Retail
182
278
276
209
Hotel
Malaysia Green Building Index Rating Tool -
https://www.greenbuildingindex.org/
FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Notes:  
•  Hotel properties are master leased assets
•  Tenants' fuel and electricity consumption are factored into the calculation 
CO2e EMISSION INTENSITY (tonnes CO2e/m2)
1.28
0.21
0.07
1.09
0.21
0.08
1.45
0.26
0.10
1.60
0.21
0.10
1.91
0.19
0.08
There is a strong correlation between CO 2e emissions and 
building energy consumption. By utilising the available Building 
Energy Intensity (BEI) benchmark provided by the Green 
Building Index (GBI) Malaysia, we use GBI’s baseline minimum 
as a reference to establish BEI targets for both our owned and 
managed properties.
GBI’s BEI baseline minimum for different types of buildings is 
as follows:
Starting with GBI’s BEI baseline minimum as the target for our 
properties, we aim for our properties’ BEI performance to stay 
below the targets. These targets will be lowered by 4% on a 
year-on-year basis until 2030, aligning with the IPCC’s goal of a 
45% reduction in carbon emissions by 2030.
As part of our commitment to sustainability, we have pledged to 
set Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) targets in 2022. Our 
goal is to submit these targets for validation by SBTi in 2024.
 kWh/m²/year  kWh/m²/year  kWh/m²/year
RETAIL HOTEL OFFICE
350 290 150
HotelOfficeRetail

---- Page 39 ----
37
Green Building Principles: The Action Plan for Net-Zero Carbon Buildings: 
https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_Green_Building_Principles_2021.pdf
TRANSFORMING CITIES WITH SUSTAINABLE BUILDINGS 
GRI 203-1, 203-2, 304-1, 304-2, 304-3
GREEN BUILDING COMMITMENT
According to the World Economic Forum (WEF) Green Building Principles: The Action Plan for Net-Zero 
Carbon Buildings Report, the increase in global temperatures is largely a result of human-generated 
emissions. Among these emissions, buildings account for 38%, with 28% coming from day-to-day 
operations and 10% from materials and construction.
Sunway REIT has laid out a 10-year roadmap with a commitment to achieve green building certification 
for all Sunway REIT's existing buildings by 2014. Buildings purchased after 2024 will either have a green 
certification already in place or have the ability to achieve green certification status within three years 
from the acquisition date. Sunway REIT acknowledges that while green buildings may require higher 
initial investments, they yield long-term benefits. These benefits include lower utility bills due to energy-
efficient designs, as well as reduced maintenance costs, offsetting the upfront expenses. 
Green-certified buildings are in high demand among reputable multinational corporations (MNCs) seeking 
eco-friendly spaces. These tenants are willing to pay extra for sustainability, which not only aligns with 
their environmental objectives but also enhances their corporate image. The increased rental income is 
what helps balance the initial higher development cost. Average occupancy rate for Sunway Pinnacle, 
which is a GBI-certified corporate office hovers at 99% between years 2019 to 2023.
Sustainable buildings prioritise smart choices in design, construction, and operation; aiming to achieve environmental friendliness, energy efficiency, and occupant well-being for long-term 
social and environmental sustainability.
ESG DUE DILIGENCE FOR NEW ACQUISITIONS
Starting in 2022, Sunway REIT began incorporating ESG due diligence for 
new building acquisitions. It is a strategic decision that considers long-term 
sustainability, risk management, and stakeholder expectations, ultimately 
contributing to the overall success and value of the investment.
The following components are considered in our ESG due diligence:
Biodiversity and
habitat
Energy
efficiency
Health and
well-being
Waste
management
Building
safety
Energy
supply
Indoor
environmental
quality
Water
efficiency
Flooding
Socioeconomic
Water
supply
GHG 
emissions
Transportation
Climate change
adaptation
Compliance
with regulatory
requirements
BROWNFIELD RESTORATION
In 2022, Sunway REIT embarked on a brownfield investment by 
acquiring the formerly abandoned Sunway Pier, a step toward 
transforming unutilised spaces into sustainable structures. The 
plan involves redeveloping the property into a retail-focused 
destination for domestic and international tourists. This 
development will not only create more jobs and attract new 
private investments but also prioritise components considered 
in our ESG due diligence. In 2023, we secured development 
approvals for this urban rejuvenation project, encompassing 
the revival of jetty services and diverse attractions. From a 
neglected space to an upcoming vibrant and environmentally-
conscious development, we anticipate the economic and social 
impact this project will bring to our community and nation.
BIODIVERSITY POLICY
Sunway REIT’s Biodiversity Policy is 
a comprehensive commitment to 
environmental responsibility and 
biodiversity conservation, harmonising 
seamlessly with the rigorous ESG 
assessments which includes:
 Mitigating ecosystem impact
 Adhering to key principles by 
complying with environmental 
laws
 Implementing strategies to 
address biodiversity-related risks 
and opportunities
 Promoting urban agriculture
Biodiversity Policy: 
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/
uploads/2024/02/231112-Sunway-REIT-
Biodiversity-Policy-v7.pdf
Artist impression for Sunway Pier redevelopment

---- Page 40 ----
38
TRANSFORMING CITIES WITH SUSTAINABLE BUILDINGS 
• LED energy-efficient light fittings  
• Naturally ventilated leveled 
carparks 
• Energy Star-rated products 
• Solar panel s
Energy Efficiency 
• Low Overall Thermal Transfer Value 
(OTTV) 
• CO sensors equipped car parks 
• Smart lifts and escalators 
Similar Features
Other Sustainability Initiatives 
• Various recycling efforts 
• Covered walkway to LRT and KTM 
• Environmental-friendly 
refrigerants 
Sunway Resort Hotel
(GreenRE Platinum Hotel Building)
Sunway Putra Mall
(GreenRE Gold Shopping Mall)
 
• Energy-efficient air conditioning 
system 
• Energy-efficient lightings 
• Natural ventilation in selected areas 
• Water sub-meters
• Alternative water sourced
• Extensive greenery 
• Green guide on guest TV screens 
• PEFC / FSC-certified paper usage 
(Programme for the Endorsement 
of Forest Certification / Forest 
Stewardship Council)
• Eco-friendly materials and finishes  
• Room temperature display and 
controls 
• Light & noise level controls in the 
guest rooms 
• Food waste composting machine
• Ticketless smart parking system 
• Rooftop urban farming
• Water Efficiency Labelling and 
Standards (WELS) rated water 
efficint fittings
• Waste storage for centralised 
recycling 
• Green label material finishes used in 
buildings 
• EV charging stations 
• Low volatile organic compound 
(VOC) interior paint 
• Green Lease Partnership Programme 
with tenants 
• Sensory walls and calm room to 
support autism community
Recognising the growing significance 
of green building certifications, we 
anticipate these certifications to 
become integral considerations for 
funding from financial institutions. To 
date, we have successfully secured 
green building certifications for five 
of our buildings, with Sunway Resort 
Hotel obtaining GreenRE Platinum 
certification and Sunway Putra 
Mall obtaining the GreenRE Gold 
certification in 2023. This represents 
35% of the total gross floor area (GFA) 
managed, certified as green.
Green Buildings
GREEN BUILDING POLICY
Sunway REIT strengthens its commitment to 
sustainability practices through this policy. The 
policy’s purpose is to define green buildings 
as those that enhance resource efficiency while 
minimising their impact on human health and 
the environment. It sets out guidelines for green 
building development that include:
 Optimising energy efficiency
 Promoting environmental protection 
 Enhancing water conservation
 Ensuring indoor air quality (IAQ)
 Implementing additional green features
Green Building Policy:  
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/
uploads/2024/02/231107-Sunway-REIT-Green-Building-
Policy-v7.pdf
Energy Efficiency
Water Efficiency  
Environmental Protection 
Indoor Environmental Quality 
Green Features & Innovation 
GBI - Certified 
(Design Assessment Cert)
GreenMark 
(Provisional) GOLD
Sunway Lagoon Hotel
(previously Sunway Clio Hotel)
GreenRE 
(Final Cert) New! GOLD
Sunway Putra Mall
GreenMark
(Provisional Cert)
GreenRE
(Provisional Cert)
GBI - Certified 
(Renewal Verification Assessment Cert)
GreenMark 
(Final Cert) GOLD
GOLD PLUS
GOLD
Sunway Pinnacle
Sunway Carnival Mall 
(Expansion)
GreenRE 
(Final Cert) New! PLATINUM
Sunway Resort Hotel 
(Renovation)
Sunway introduced the Sunway 
Smart Parking System, offering 
a seamless and cashless parking 
experience within Sunway City Kuala 
Lumpur. Customers can conveniently 
pay for parking through digital 
options such as mobile payment, 
the Sunway Super App, Touch 'n 
Go card, or cash / card payments 
at License Plate Recognition (LPR) 
autopay stations. 
In 2023, a total of 6.2 million pieces 
of parking tickets were avoided. 
SMART PARKING SYSTEMP

---- Page 41 ----
39
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
GRI 2-4, 302-1, 302-2, 302-3, 302-4, 302-5, 303-1, 303-2, 303-3, 303-4, 303-5, 305-4, 305-5, 306-1, 306-2, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Resource management involves strategically developing environmentally sustainable and 
socially responsible processes, incorporating innovative waste management approaches to 
promote conscientious utilisation of essential resources, such as energy and water.
With the increasing global demand for resources and energy, we are now faced with shortages 
and unstable prices due to resource scarcity and environmental pollution. By adopting effective 
and sustainable resource management principles, we actively promote responsible resource 
utilisation, thereby mitigating shortages and price instability.
Total estimated energy-savings
Sustainable management and operations entail making eco-friendly decisions in business practices, aiming to meet present needs while contributing to a healthier and more sustainable future.
The discourse on energy, where it is sourced, and the energy consumption remain pivotal in 
addressing our ongoing climate crisis. One proposed approach to shift towards a sustainable 
energy system is through the adoption of the Energy Hierarchy. The Energy Hierarchy is a 
classification of energy options, prioritised to assist progress towards a more sustainable 
energy system. As we move through this section, we will share our application of the Energy 
Hierarchy in our operations.
Energy Conservation
We actively conserve energy to reduce energy wastage and the increased cost associated with 
energy bills through some of the following practices:
•  Switch off lightning and air-conditioning when not in use, during low occupancy periods and 
off-peak hours.
•  Shorten operational lighting hours for common areas.
•  Conduct awareness activities such as:
 »  Educating tenants on the importance of energy-saving via the Green Lease Forum.
 »  Participating and encouraging tenants to participate during Earth Hour   
(switching off for an hour).
In conjunction with Earth Hour, several of our Sunway REIT-owned and managed joined in by turning 
off their lights for an hour on 25 March 2023. The properties also conducted Earth Hour quizzes to 
promote awareness of energy conservation.
ENERGY
PRIORITY 1
PRIORITY 2
PRIORITY 3
PRIORITY 4
PRIORITY 5
Energy conservation. Changing wasteful behaviour to reduce demand.
Energy efficiency. Using technology to reduce demand and 
eleminate waste.
Exploitation of renewable, suitable resources.
Exploitation of non-sustainable resources using
low-carbon technology.
Exploitation of non-conventional resources as we do now.
The Energy HierarchyMost sustainableLeast sustainable
Initiatives Estimated Energy-savings Property  
Installation of LED light 
4,548 kWh Sunway Hotel Seberang Jaya 
2,304 kWh Sunway Putra Hotel  
15,943 kWh Wisma Sunway  
31,364  kWh Sunway Pinnacle 
Installation of chiller 
plant energy efficiency 
device
31,187 kWh Sunway Pinnacle 
Energy Efficiency
Sunway REIT places a strong emphasis on energy efficiency to enhance performance, thereby reducing 
carbon emissions and lowering energy intensities. We have established building energy intensity 
targets for our managed properties, refining their energy performance through energy-focused 
initiatives. Throughout the year, Sunway REIT actively engages stakeholders to raise awareness of 
renewable energy utilisation and embed energy efficiency in operational practices to minimise our 
carbon footprint.
In 2023, we continue to implement energy-efficient initiatives through these efforts:
85 MWh

---- Page 42 ----
40
Adjusting Daily Operational Needs
At Sunway REIT, we prioritise sustainable practices to reduce energy consumption. We switch off lights and air conditioning in meeting and 
event spaces when not in use to minimise energy consumption. Additionally, we optimise hot water temperatures in hotel rooms for efficiency.
Meanwhile, our Office and Retail properties flexibly adjust chiller set points within acceptable parameters. To further our energy conservation 
efforts, we have also curtailed the operational hours of car park lighting. These combined initiatives emphasise our vow to conscientious energy 
management.
Renewable Energy
The Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources is ready to execute 
the Malaysia Renewable Energy Roadmap (MyRER) to reach a 31% renewable energy (RE) capacity by 2025 and 40% by 2035. Aligned with this, 
Sunway REIT targets a minimum of 40% electricity consumption from renewable energy sources by 2030. Transitioning to renewable energy 
represents a practical and impactful stride towards significantly reducing carbon emissions and moving closer to net-zero emissions.
We actively reduce reliance on non-renewables by utilising solar energy atop our buildings. Our team of engineers continue to identify suitable 
locations, monitor energy consumption patterns, and explore innovative strategies for efficient energy management.
Energy Consumption
In response to the recent enactment of 
the Energy Efficiency and Conservation 
Bill 2023 (EECA) by the Dewan Rakyat, 
office buildings exceeding 8,000 sqm 
are now subject to the EECA. Building 
owners must obtain building energy 
intensity (BEI) label from the Energy 
Commission (EC)  to ensure compliance 
with energy efficiency ratings set by the 
EC, and undergo compulsory energy 
audits.
The BEI Label for our buildings are as 
follows:
BUILDING ENERGY 
INTENSITY LABEL
Wisma Sunway
Sunway Pinnacle
Sunway Tower
Menara Sunway
3-STAR
5-STAR
5-STAR
5-STAR
Installed Capacity
Sunway university Sunway Pyramid Mall Sunway Medical Centre
• Sunway Putra Mall 
• Sunway Resort Hotel
(solar heat system for the Kids Club)
• Menara Sunway
• Sunway Resort Hotel
• Sunway Carnival Mall
631 1,001 430 983 182kWp kWp kWp kWp kWp
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
In 2023, Sunway REIT has initiated the collection of fuel data as part of our ongoing efforts to enhance our GHG inventory. This effort includes 
detailed tracking of diesel purchases, primarily utilised for our backup power supply generators. Additionally, the usage of liquefied petroleum 
gas (LPG) is also recorded. The LPG is used in Hotels’ cooking facilities and by our F&B tenants.  
Fuel  
New installation of EV Charging Bays in 2023: 
Sunway 
Pyramid Mall 
In 2023, Sunway REIT installed additional electronic vehicle (EV) charging 
bays across our properties, augmenting the total charging facilities to 51. 3 6 9
Sunway Resort 
Hotel
Sunway Putra 
Mall

---- Page 43 ----
41
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
ENERGY CONSUMPTION
TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION (MWh) BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS IN 2023 
TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION (%) BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS
BUILDING ENERGY INTENSITY (kWh/m2/year)
TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION (MWh) AND TOTAL GROSS FLOOR AREA (‘000 m2)
Retail206,230 MWh
14,322 MWh
117,883 MWh
14,158 MWh
164 MWh
38,957 MWh
27,444 MWh
21,311 MWh
635 MWh
2,822 MWh
320 MWh
1,008 MWh
158 MWh
2,797,478 MWh
54,896 MWh
23 MWh
21 MWh
34 MWh
4,307 MWh
2,852,374 MWh
78 MWh
Purchased Electricity
Green Electricity Tariff 
(GET)
Solar Energy
Liquefied Petroleum 
Gas (LPG)
Diesel
From 2019 to 2023, the Building Energy Intensity for these three business segments went down 
during the few years of the Covid outbreak but subsequently increased to pre-pandemic levels 
due to the normalisation of economic activities. 
Our energy consumption increased by 10% compared to 2022 due to full operations and normalisation 
of economic activities in 2023.
Despite an increase in total Gross Floor Area from 2019 to 2023, the REIT's overall energy 
consumption has reduced due to the impact of COVID outbreak over the past few years. 
Notes:
• Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
• GFA from 2019 – 2022 are restated, reflecting improvement in the data collection
• Hotel properties are master leased assets
• *New Property added: Sunway Pinnacle 
Notes:
• Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
•  FY2019 – FY2020 refers to the respective financial year from 
July to June (applies throughout this chapter) 
•  CY2021 refers to the calendar year from January – December 
(applies throughout this chapter)
•  FY2022 – FY2023 refers to the financial year from January to 
December (applies throughout this chapter)
•  Hotel properties are master leased assets
•  *New Property added: Sunway Pinnacle
•  **New segment added: Industrial (Petaling Jaya 1) 
Notes:
• Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals 
• GFA from 2019 – 2022 are restated, reflecting improvement in the data collection 
• GFA in 2023 are smaller, reflecting enhanced improvement in the data collection 
• Energy consumption is confined to consumption from Office, Retail and Hotel segments only  
• Fuel consumption is factored into the energy consumption  
• Hotel properties are master leased assets 
• *New Property added: Sunway Pinnacle 
Notes:
•  Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
•  Hotel properties are master leased assets
• Services properties are triple-net leased assets. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) 
in August 2023. Energy data of the property are accounted up to August 2023
•  New segment added: Industrial (Petaling Jaya 1) 
Hotel
Office
Services
Industrial
FY2019
FY2020
CY2021
*FY2022
**FY2023
97%
96%
97%
97%
96%
Hotel:
BEI increased by 3.4% 
from 2019
Total GFA increased by 
13.8% from 2019
Building Energy Intensity 
(kWh/m2/year)
 Energy Consumption 
(‘000 MWh)
Gross Floor Area 
(‘000 m2)
FY2019
FY2019
783
3,315
848
294
176
149 141
112
128 139
263
168
109
154
182
218
277 288
1,818
2,700
891
2,198
848
899
3,048
*FY2020
*FY2020
CY2021
CY2021
FY2022
FY2022
FY2023
FY2023
Office:
BEI decreased by 6.7% 
from 2019
Retail: 
BEI decreased by 2.0% 
from 2019
Total energy 
consumption has 
reduced by 8.1% from 
2019
TOTAL: 3,077,311 MWh
2%
0.3%
3%
1%
2%
0.9%
0.7%
3%
3%
0.7%
0.02%
Hotel Office IndustrialRetail

---- Page 44 ----
42
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
WATER
In 2019, Sunway Berhad invested RM18 million in a water 
treatment plant in Sunway South Quay to ensure a sustainable 
water supply in Sunway City Kuala Lumpur. The treatment plant 
is capable of supplying up to 8.5 million litres of water to 51,500 
people per day by recycling water from the city’s lakes to produce 
potable quality and channelling it into our buildings for use as 
an alternate water source. This has helped to reduce reliance on 
municipal water supply while also acting as backup water supply 
during a water shortage crisis.
The city’s lake also serves as a water catchment area for surface 
run-off. The treatment plant releases water back into the lakes 
when the water reaches maximum capacity in the treatment 
plant to prevent flooding in the surrounding areas. In 2023, the 
treatment plant supplied 1,307,760 m3 of water to our buildings, 
which was more than 51% of our total needs.
Water Treatment Plant
With strategically located assets spread across award-
winning integrated townships in key areas, Sunway REIT 
establishes itself as a significant contributor to Malaysia’s 
real estate sector. As such, Sunway REIT aligns its mission 
with the global initiative of ensuring access to safe water, 
sanitation, and hygiene, as outlined in the UNSDGs. 
Recognising the multifaceted importance of this mission, 
Sunway REIT acknowledges that adequate access to clean 
water not only supports fundamental life processes but 
also plays a pivotal role in sustaining livelihoods, enhancing 
human well-being, fostering socio-economic development, 
mitigating waterborne pollution, averting disasters, and 
preserving ecosystems.
WATER MANAGEMENT 
POLICY
This policy reflects our commitment to integrate 
optimal water management practices into all our 
business segments. 
The policy ensures that Sunway REIT commits to:
Review and address water-related risks and 
opportunities regularly
Ensure buildings and operation sites 
implement water-efficient fittings 
Ensure buildings and operation sites have 
backup supply and water storage capacity 
exceeding authority requirements
Explore feasible alternative water sources at 
buildings and operation sites
Water Security
Water security is crucial for Sunway REIT given the water-intensive nature notably in F&B outlets within Retail and Hotel operations. 
Disruption in the water supply chain poses a significant threat to seamless business operations, affecting productivity and profitability. 
Sunway REIT ensures reliable potable water supply from municipal sources, and adheres to stringent regulatory standards. These services 
are accessible to employees, tenants, visitors, and customers. 
In an effort to anticipate potential water-related risks, a Water Risk Assessment using the WRI Aqueduct Tool was conducted providing 
insights on the outlooks for 2030 and 2050 of the water availability, consistency, and quality that could impact its properties.
We have taken the following initiatives to improve our water 
security.
For more information on Water Security Risk Assessment, please refer to pages 30-31
Apart from municipal potable water, Sunway REIT makes use 
of alternative water sources to ensure sustainability as well as 
security:
Both Sunway Lagoon 
Lake and Sunway South 
Quay Lake can collect 
anywhere from 230 million 
to 2 billion litres of water 
a year. The lakes also 
play important roles in 
stormwater management 
as they reduce the risk of 
flooding.
Lake water
Sunway REIT uses 
rainwater collection 
systems on several 
of its properties 
for minor tasks 
such as plant 
watering 
or general 
cleaning.
Rain water
Alternative Water Sources
All Sunway REIT properties have established water crisis SOPs to 
address the issue of water disruption effectively. The SOPs cover 
emergency planning to address a water disruption that occurs 
during business operation hours.
Water Crisis SOPs
Water Usage Water-saving Initiatives
Water withdrawal is channelled for use in our properties before being 
discharged for treatment by Indah Water Konsortium, the Malaysian 
national wastewater and sanitation company. Our water resources 
primarily come from municipal potable water, which undergoes 
treatment by local water companies before distribution. To enhance 
the water quality for use in our properties, Sunway REIT additionally 
treats incoming water using a Bacfree filtration system. This extra step 
reflects our commitment to providing the best possible water quality 
for hotel guests and building tenants.
We recognise that reducing water usage is a collective effort 
across all business operations. Sunway REIT takes a proactive 
approach to minimise water usage through initiatives such as 
installing water-efficient fixtures such as motion-sensor taps, 
monitoring leakages in pipes, and educating shoppers, hotel 
guests, and employees on water conservation.
In 2023, our operations have remained free from any fines, 
enforcement orders, or other penalties associated with 
water-related regulatory violations.
Water Management Policy:  
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/
uploads/2024/02/230704-Sunway-REIT-Water-Management-
Policy-v4.pdf

---- Page 45 ----
43
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
WATER USE
TOTAL WATER USE (m3) BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS IN 2023 
WATER USE (%) BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS
WATER INTENSITY (m3/m2/year)
TOTAL WATER USE (‘000 m3) AND TOTAL GROSS FLOOR AREA (‘000 m2)
Our water usage decreased by 2.9% compared to 2022. From 2019 to 2023, the water use intensity for Retail and Hotel segments went down during the 
few years of the COVID outbreak but subsequently increased to pre-pandemic levels due to the 
normalisation of economic activities. Only the Office segment showed an increase during the 
same time.
From 2019 to 2023, the water use intensity for Retail and Hotel segments went down during the 
few years of the COVID outbreak but subsequently increased to pre-pandemic levels due to the 
normalisation of economic activities. Only the Office segment showed an increase during the 
same time.
Notes:
• Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
• FY2019 – FY2020 refers to the respective financial year from 
July to June (applies throughout this chapter)
• CY2021 refers to the calendar year from January – 
December  (applies throughout this chapter)
• FY2022 – FY2023 refers to the financial year from January to 
December  (applies throughout this chapter)
• Hotel properties are master leased assets
• *New Property added: Sunway Pinnacle 
• **New Segment added: Industrial (Petaling Jaya 1)
Notes:
•  Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
•  GFA from 2019 – 2022 are restated, reflecting improvement in the data collection
•  Hotel properties are master leased assets
•  *New Property added: Sunway Pinnacle 
Notes:
• Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
• Hotel properties are master leased assets
• Services properties are triple-net leased assets. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in 
August 2023. Water data of the property are accounted up to August 2023
• New segments added: Services and Industrial (Petaling Jaya 1) 
Notes:
•  Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
•  GFA from 2019 – 2022 are restated, reflecting improvement in the data collection
•  GFA in 2023 are smaller, reflecting improvement in the data collection
•  Water usage is confined to usage from Office, Retail, and Hotel segments
•  Hotel properties are master leased assets
•  *New Property added: Sunway Pinnacle  
2,352 2,266
848
2,266 2,222
891
1,606
783
899
783
Hotel Office IndustrialRetail
Water Use Intensity 
(m3/m2/year)
Water Use ('000 m3)
Gross Floor Area 
(‘000 m2)
TOTAL: 2,578,343 m3
Water Use Intensity
(m³/m²/year)
FY2019
3.48 3.42
2.64
3.04
2.86
2.572.59
1.36
3.04 3.04
0.80 0.85 1.02
1.18 1.20
FY2020 FP2021 FY2022 FY2023
61% 35%
61% 34%
60%
61%
30%
28%
66% 22%
5%
5%
12%
10%
10%
1%
Retail
1,265,262 m3
196,521 m3
686,929 m3
282,206 m3
77,223 m3
22,383 m3
685,887 m3
339,078 m3
414 m3
146,249 m3
4,385 m3
1,307,760 m3
136,546 m35,321m3
523 m3
Municipal Potable Water 
Water Treatment Plant 
Rainwater Harvesting
Hotel
Office
Industrial
FY2019
FY2020
*CY2021
FY2022
**FY2023
Services
FY2019 FY2020 *CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Hotel:
Water use intensity 
decreased by 15.5% 
from 2019
Office:
Water use intensity 
increased by 50.0% 
from 2019
Retail: 
Water use intensity 
decreased by 17.8% 
from 2019
FY2019 FY2020 *CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Total GFA increased by 
13.8% from 2019
Total water use has 
reduced by 5.9% 
from 2019

---- Page 46 ----
44
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
As part of our commitment to environmental stewardship, pollution management remains a top priority in all our operations. We are dedicated to making lasting positive contributions to the 
communities we serve and maintaining a sustainable future for all. We proactively improve our waste management and promote a circular economy  by collaborating with external stakeholders. 
Through planning, innovative solutions, and collaborative partnerships, we aim to address the challenges associated with waste generation and disposal while aligning our practices with all relevant 
environmental laws and local regulations.
WASTE MANAGEMENT
POLLUTION MANAGEMENT
Effectively managing pollution is fundamental to our commitment to environmental stewardship. Through comprehensive waste management practices, we ensure the responsible disposal and 
recycling of materials to minimise our ecological footprint. At the same time, our rigorous effluent management strategies prioritise the treatment and responsible discharge of wastewater, adhering 
to stringent environmental standards. 
Scheduled waste Incineration
Suppliers
Recycling / Recovery
Facility
Community
Waste-to-Energy Facility
BUY THROW
Recyclable items
Food 
waste
Food 
waste
Compost for landscape 
Surplus food
Composting Facility
OPERATIONS
Disposed waste
Construction waste
Material input
Waste disposal (disposed waste / construction waste / scheduled waste)
Possibility of reuse, recycling & recovery (diverted waste)
Plastic Glass
Paper
Circular Economy
Legend
Solid Waste and Public Cleansing 
Management Act 2007 
Environmental 
Quality Act 1974We comply with: Factories and 
Machinery Act 1967
All other relevant 
legislation and regulations

---- Page 47 ----
45
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
Digitalisation
By transitioning from 
physical filing systems to 
online platforms through 
the implementation of 
e-applications, we significantly 
reduced our paper usage. 
This led to a decrease in 
rented storage space and 
boosted productivity due to 
the streamlined file retrieval 
process.
Sunway REIT adheres to the proven six-level 
waste management hierarchy, integral across 
all business segments. Our primary focuses 
are on waste prevention and reduction, 
prioritising strategies to minimise waste 
generation within the economy.
Removal of Single-use 
Plastics
Sunway REIT’s hotels aim to 
eliminate the use of plastic and 
single-use amenities in phases 
by providing reusable and 
refillable amenities. 
In 2023, the Hotels successfully 
eliminated more than 862,408  
pieces of single-use plastic by:
•  Changing single-use 
amenities to refillable 
amenities
•  Changing plastic drinking 
water bottles to recyclable 
glass bottles for all guest 
rooms
•  Wrapping slippers and 
toilet rolls in bulk to avoid 
individual plastic wrappers
•  Replacing plastic toothbrush 
to compostable toothbrush 
and conventional toothpaste 
to chewable toothpaste
Elimination of Parking Tickets 
in SCKL
Sunway REIT properties in 
SCKL avoided the printing 
of 6.2 million parking tickets 
through the Sunway Smart 
Parking System in 2023, which 
recognises car registration 
numbers.
Six-level waste management hierarchy
Prevention Reduction Recycling
World Earth Day Awareness 
Campaign
Sunway Hotel Georgetown Penang 
and Sunway Hotel Seberang Jaya 
collected 67kg of recyclable items in 
2023 through the organisation of an 
initiative called the 'Global Recycling 
Day Awareness Campaign'
Waste Segregation and Recycling 
Sunway REIT’s Offices also made 
significant progress in waste reduction 
by segregating and collecting 
recyclable items. In 2023, we have 
successfully diverted more than 40 
tonnes of paper, glass, cardboard 
and other recyclable materials from 
landfills.
Recycling Old / Used Fabrics
Sunway REIT continuously organises 
old fabric collection drives to donate 
to Kloth Cares, an NGO that donates 
and resells used clothes. Sunway 
Hotel Georgetown also regularly 
donates used clothing to Penang 
Cheshire Home which they use to 
make handicrafts to sell.
E-waste Collection and Recycling
Wisma Sunway collaborated with 
Jabatan Alam Sekitar (JAS) Negeri 
Selangor and T-Pot Electrical & 
Management for an e-waste collection 
event in January 2023. Tenants 
exchanged e-waste for cash based 
on agreed rates, resulting in 148.5 
kg being collected and responsibly 
recycled. Sunway Putra Tower and 
Sunway Tower also practised e-waste 
collection and recycling.
Festive Decorations and 
Furniture
In all business segments, 
there's a focused effort 
on maximising the reuse 
of festive decorations and 
furniture whenever possible. 
Additionally, items that 
are no longer in use, were 
purposefully transferred to 
another entity for continued 
utilisation, in line with our 
commitment to sustainability 
and responsible resource 
management. 
Discarded Linen
Sunway Resort Hotel reused 
discarded linen such as towels 
and bed linens as cleaning 
rags.
Reuse
PREVENTION
Least
Sustainable
Most
Sustainable
REDUCTION
REUSE
RECOVERY
DISPOSAL
RECYCLING
Plastic Glass
Paper
Waste-to-Energy
Hotel and Office segments 
diverted used cooking oil 
(UCO) by partnering with 
FatHopes Energy, which 
converts the oil into biofuels. 
This initiative encouraged 
Sunway City Community 
to contribute their UCO in 
exchange for cash rewards, 
earned through the Sunway 
Pals points system. In 2023, 
eight collection campaigns 
yielded an estimated donation 
of 293 kg of UCO per month.
Food Waste Composting
Food waste is treated on-site 
using food waste compost 
machines at Sunway Resort 
Hotel and Sunway Pyramid 
Mall. The compost produced 
is used for landscape around 
Sunway City KL with the 
remainder being distributed 
for free to the mall shoppers.
Recovery
Disposal
Our waste disposal practices 
are grounded in the principle 
of exhaustively exploring 
reuse, recycling, and recovery 
options before resorting to 
disposal. When waste disposal 
becomes necessary, we 
ensure responsible and lawful 
methods, executed by our 
designated waste contractors 
according to the local 
legislation and regulations.
Plastic
Paper
Glass

---- Page 48 ----
46
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
POLLUTION MANAGEMENT
TOTAL WASTE GENERATED (TONNES) BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS IN 2023 
TOTAL WASTE: 11,096 tonnes
*Scheduled 
Waste
Construction 
Waste 
The amount of waste diverted away from the landfill has increased by 4% compared to 
2022.
Notes:
• Figures stated may not add up due to rounding of decimals
• Diverted waste figure include scheduled waste that are diverted
• Construction Waste refers to metal scrap, concrete, and wood that cannot be recycled will be transported to a landfill for proper 
disposal
• Construction waste figures are not factored in the disposed waste and diverted waste figure
• *Scheduled waste refers to hazardous waste. In 2023, our scheduled waste only consists of e-waste which is sent for recycling
Retail
897 tonnes
723 tonnes
134 tonnes
40 tonnes
7,791 tonnes
1,932 tonnes
477 tonnes
10,199 tonnes
Diverted Waste
Disposed Waste
Hotel
Office
Paper
Plastic
Others
*E-waste
Metal Fabric
Glass
Food 
donation
Repurposed 
soap bar
Food waste 
collected
Used 
cooking oil
Reused 
items
629
7 3,834 
22
3
7
220
52
26 25
1
110
0.3
8
tonnes
tonnes tonnes
tonnes
tonnes
tonnes
tonnestonnes
tonnes
tonnes tonnes
tonne
tonnes
tonnes
tonnes
RECYCLED
REUSED
RECOVERED
TOTAL: 713 tonnes
TOTAL: 52 tonnes
TOTAL: 132  tonnes
Compost 
produced
SOAP
METAL


---- Page 49 ----
47
A BLUEPRINT FOR EFFICIENCY
EFFLUENT / WASTEWATER MANAGEMENT 
Wastewater discharged from Sunway REIT assets primarily originates from F&B operations and sanitation. All F&B establishments 
within our properties are required to install grease traps, ensuring that discharged wastewater contains minimal oil content. These 
grease traps are regularly maintained by appointed contractors by tenants and / or property managers.      
We direct 100% of discharged water from Sunway REIT properties into the municipal sewerage system, which is treated by Indah Water 
Konsortium (IWK), the Malaysian wastewater and sanitation company. While IWK does not provide the volume of water discharged 
into the municipal sewerage system, the monthly cost of wastewater treatment is charged based on the amount of water used in 
the properties. We do not foresee any significant changes to this process, as our business operations and activities are expected to 
remain relatively consistent.
Diverted Waste
Disposed Waste
tonnes
tonnes
We diverted 8% of waste from landfills, 
which was an increase of 4% in diverted 
waste from 2022. Going forward, we 
will continue to employ the waste 
management hierarchy to divert more 
waste away from landfills. 
92%
8%
713 tonnes
184 tonnes
Recovered
Recycled
897
10,199

---- Page 50 ----
48
ADVOCATING A RESPONSIBLE 
VALUE CHAIN 
Sunway REIT is spearheading a responsible value chain, employing strategic measures upstream and downstream. 
Upstream, the REIT conducts supplier Environmental & Social (E&S) risk assessments and compiles greenhouse gas 
emissions data on purchased goods, proactively addressing potential disruptions in the supply chain. 
Downstream, Sunway REIT collaborates with tenants through the Green Lease Partnership Programme, actively working 
to reduce environmental impact within its properties. This holistic approach reflects the company’s commitment to 
responsible business practices, transparency in environmental impact assessments, and a collective effort towards 
sustainable stewardship across its operations.
GOAL
2
Natural
Social And Relationship
• Sustainable Procurement Policy
•  Supplier Environmental and Social Risk 
Assessment
•  Sunway Green Lease Partnership 
Programme
•  Value Chain Improvement
•  Climate Action
•  Resource Management 
•  Pollution Management
CAPITAL
MATERIAL ISSUES
ACTIVITIES
VALUE CREATED
•  Responsible Supply Chain
•  Value Chain Improvement
•  Minimal Negative Environmental and Social Impacts

---- Page 51 ----
49
SUPPLY CHAIN RESILIENCE
GRI 2-6, 2-16, 2-30, 204-1, 301-2, 301-3, 308-1, 308-2, 407-1, 408-1, 409-1, 414-1, 414-2
As organisations increasingly recognise their responsibility to operate ethically, sustainable supply chain practices emerge as a linchpin for fostering positive environmental and social change. 
Moreover, in an era marked by global interconnectedness and unforeseen challenges, a resilient and sustainable supply chain is pivotal for minimising risks and ensuring business continuity.  
We conduct supplier E&S risk assessments to evaluate the 
impact and potential supply chain disruptions resulting from 
current practices and any past or ongoing violations of laws 
and regulations by suppliers. All new suppliers are required to 
complete the assessment during the registration stage.  
As part of our continuous improvement processes, we will explore the implementation of ESG programmes for our suppliers to 
enhance their awareness of sustainability best practices. Currently, free resources are available via the SDG Academy, which is also 
supported by the Sunway Group, Sunway REIT’s sponsor. 
SUPPLIER E&S RISK ASSESSMENT 
SUPPLIER AWARENESS PROGRAMME 
     SUSTAINABLE 
PROCUREMENT POLICY
The purpose of the sustainable procurement policy 
is to establish guidelines for responsible sourcing by 
implementing a code of conduct for suppliers. The policy 
includes outlined criteria, and preference will be given 
to suppliers who demonstrate a strong commitment to 
sustainable practices. This approach aims to promote 
environmentally and socially responsible procurement 
practices within the organisation’s supply chain. 
Supplier Code of Conduct
• Business ethics 
• Human rights and labour practices 
• Environmental regulations and standards
Guiding Principles
• Suppliers to provide ESG disclosures where 
practicable 
• Minimal environmental footprint of goods and 
services provided 
• Provision of Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene 
Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene (WASH) services 
for supplier’s workers 
• Safe and healthy working environment for 
suppliers' workers
 In 2023,
  new suppliers completed the environmental 
and social assessment form 
  of our suppliers are locally sourced 
  of the newly assessed suppliers, to our 
knowledge, were not identified as having 
committed any non-compliances in the areas  
assessed including freedom of association, 
collective bargaining, child labour and forced 
or compulsory labour 
  suppliers were known to have any significant 
actual and potential negative environmental 
and social impacts
100% ZERO
99% 100%
Source: SDG Academy https://sdgacademy.org/ 
Sustainable Procurement Policy:  
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/231106-
Suway-REIT-Sustainable-Procurement-Policy-v9.pdf

---- Page 52 ----
50
SUPPLY CHAIN RESILIENCE
In this section, we delve into collecting and analysing comprehensive impacts across our entire value chain. Whether it's the procurement of goods and services directly utilised in our 
operations or indirectly connected to the activities of our tenants, we strive to provide an overview of sustainability-related impacts throughout every stage of our operations.
Sustainable sourcing entails the conscientious acquisition of goods, 
materials, or services, taking into account their environmental, social, 
and economic impacts. Consequently, we are advancing our approach by 
actively working with suppliers to ensure their compliance with sustainable 
practices, demonstrating a commitment to a more holistic and responsible 
procurement process.
1,335 tonnes 
CO2e emissions from 
purchased goods  
Our Retail and Office segments prioritise sustainability through sourcing  
FSC-certified which helps to safeguard the sustainable 
cycle of responsible harvesting and replanting to 
maintain the ecology of the forests. 
Technology offers a substantial opportunity to achieve 
emission reduction on a large scale. We engage with 
suppliers that are committed to innovation, advancing 
products and solutions that not only provide product’s end-
of-life management but also product’s carbon footprint. This enables us 
to understand the product’s impact on the environment, giving valuable 
insights to help us to be aware of the product's emissions.
Sunway Resort Hotel has formed a transformative 
collaboration with WWF-Malaysia, focusing 
on initiatives like implementing food waste 
management at one of our F&B outlets and 
reassessing seafood procurement policies. 
Committed to shaping sustainable markets, 
our goal is to empower the hospitality industry 
to embrace responsible practices within our 
Food and Beverage 
operations.
Tissue and Hygiene Products
(Products: jumbo tissue rolls, bathroom tissues, paper hand towels, facial tissues)
Computer Hardware
Partnership with WWF-Malaysia
Sustainable Sourcing 
UPSTREAM - SUPPLIERS OPERATIONS 
Following the leadership of Sunway Group, Sunway REIT implemented 
an e-procurement system that facilitates the electronic processing of all 
procurement approvals and documents, including purchase requisitions, 
purchase orders and goods received.
Hotel segment introduced the Sunway Hotels 
& Resorts App for expedited check-ins and 
check-outs, reducing reception queues. The 
app supports e-payment, aligning with the 
group's vision of becoming a technology-
enabled hospitality provider.
Sunway Resort Hotel also launched Sunway 
Moments, an exclusive membership 
programme offering unparalleled benefits, 
including exceptional dining, accommodation, 
and lifestyle benefits at the hotel.
In November 2015, the Sunway Group transitioned from manual paper 
invoice handling to an automated, paperless accounts payable process. 
Supplier e-invoice onboarding workshops were conducted to promote 
digital invoicing benefits. In January 2019, Robotics Process Automation 
was integrated, achieving a fully automated AP solution seamlessly 
connected to Sunway REIT's enterprise resource planning systems for 
efficient supplier invoicing and payment processing.
Sunway Pyramid Mall implemented an Internet 
of Toilet (IoT) system designed to enhance user 
comfort and convenience. This innovative 
system minimises downtime by promptly 
notifying cleaners of urgent matters, ranging 
from faulty equipment and cleanliness concerns 
to the need for materials replenishment.
e-Procurement 
Digital Transformation
e-invoicing
Smart Washroom 
Our organisation went paperless by 
moving our conventional filing system from 
storerooms to online platforms. This not 
only cut down on rented space, but also 
increased productivity through seamless file 
retrieval systems. e-Applications in place 
to manage our employees’ needs include:
•  ePayslip System
•  eLeave System
•  eTicketing System
•  eBenefits-in-Kind
•  eEmployee Referral Programme (eERP)
•  eHealth Screening Programme (eHSP)
•  eStaff Confirmation (eSC)
•  eStaff Requisition (eSR)
•  eTuition Fee Discount (eTuitionFee)
•  eClaim System
e-Applications 
Urban Farm
We converted an underutilised space within 
Sunway Pyramid Mall into an Urban Farm which 
serves as an educational corner. This project 
showcases various urban farming techniques, 
including hydroponics, polybag cultivation and 
timber planting to the public.

---- Page 53 ----
51
SUPPLY CHAIN RESILIENCE
Demonstrating an unwavering commitment to its 2050 Net Zero Carbon 
Emissions Roadmap, Sunway REIT continuously explores innovative methods 
to reduce emissions across its properties. While successfully decreasing 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions through operational streamlining, we recognise 
the significant impact of Scope 3 emissions generated by our tenants. 
In response, we have actively spearheaded the Green Lease Partnership 
Programme, engaging with the Retail, Office and Hotel segments.  
This impactful initiative fosters the best international sustainability practices 
and drives behavioural change, propelling both individual tenant progress 
and Malaysia's overall net-zero goals. Notably, our dedicated Retail and 
Office teams have proactively developed tenant design and fit-out guidelines, 
providing tenants with clear steps to incorporate key green building code 
requirements like energy efficiency and water conservation measures. 
Through collaborative efforts and innovative solutions, Sunway REIT paves 
the way for a truly sustainable future.
In 2023, the programme garnered 
the participation of:  
100% Hotel master lessees 
Retail and Office tenants 
2030 Target: 
100% tenant 
participation in Sunway 
Green Lease Partnership 
Programme
Empowering tenants to become sustainability leaders, Sunway REIT goes 
beyond Green Lease Partnerships. The Green Lease Forum, an interactive 
platform, equips tenants with knowledge and tools to implement energy-
saving, water-saving, and waste-reduction practices. Last year, our 
innovative Earth Hour Quiz, challenging participants on green concepts, 
saw engagement with 544 entries. This enthusiastic response underscores 
the success of our tenant-focused approach to environmental sustainability.
The following outlines the accumulated 
impact and cost savings resulting from 
the efforts mentioned:
By transitioning to refillable alternatives, 
we anticipate a reduction in procurement 
costs for single-use plastics, resulting 
in long-term cost savings. These fiscal 
impacts will be carefully assessed and 
reported in the upcoming years.
Reduction in Pieces
(2019-2023): 
Reduction in KG
(2019-2023):
Cost Savings
(2019-2023):
Engaging Tenants, Enacting Change
Green Lease Partnership Programme
DOWNSTREAM - TENANTS & LESSEES 
862,408
11,190
RM255,147
For more information on Green Lease Partnership Programme, please refer to pages 52-53
Sunway REIT recognises the risks and potential 
implications linked to plastic usage across our 
operational spectrum. Our proactive approach 
involves addressing these risks through a phased 
transition, particularly in our hotels and shopping 
malls where plastics are commonly used in 
packaging, amenities and single-use items. Our 
strategy is to promote the use of reusable items 
and a concerted effort to shift from single-use to 
multi-use alternatives. 
Embarking on the journey towards a plastic-free 
future by 2030, the following efforts reflect our 
dedication to reducing the environmental impact 
of single-use plastic across our properties: 
Laundry Bag Evolution 
Bamboo 
toothbrush 
and chewable 
toothpaste in 
biodegradable 
packaging
Glass bottles
Refillable 
Amenities
Eco-friendly 
rattan basketsSingle-use plastic 
laundry bag 
Toothbrush Solutions
Plastic toothbrush 
and toothpaste sets 
Glass Bottle Adoption
Plastic bottles
Refillable Amenities 
Single-use Amenities 
Plastic Waste Management at Sunway Hotels 
82%   

---- Page 54 ----
52
One of Sunway REIT’s key highlights in 2023 is the implementation of the Sunway Green Lease 
Partnership Programme, making Sunway REIT Malaysia the first Real Estate Investment Trust 
in the industry to introduce a green lease programme to its tenants. 
What is a green lease?
A green lease is a specialised lease agreement that integrates environmentally friendly and sustainable 
practices into commercial property management; it brings together the interests of property owners 
and tenants in pursuit of long-term sustainable goals such as energy efficiency, water conservation, 
waste reduction, and other eco-friendly practices. 
Why did Sunway REIT introduce the Green Lease Partnership Programme?
Sunway REIT leads the way in Malaysia's sustainability journey through the Green Lease Partnership 
Programme, an innovative initiative uniting tenants in shared environmental responsibility. 
Aligned with Malaysia's sustainability goals, the programme empowers businesses to reduce their 
environmental impact by pledging to eco-friendly practices across resource conservation, carbon 
emissions reduction, and responsible waste management. We recognise that collective action is key 
to achieving lasting change. Partnering with our tenants, we aim for 100% programme participation 
by 2030, not only strengthening Malaysia's commitment to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 but 
also setting a powerful example for businesses across the region.
Source: Sustainable Development Report: 
https://dashboards.sdgindex.org/profiles/malaysia
Source: Sunway REIT first in Malaysia to introduce Green Lease Partnership Programme: 
https://www.edgeprop.my/content/1905008/sunway-reit-first-malaysia-introduce-green-lease-partnership-programme
IMPACT STORY
How was the Green Lease Partnership Programme introduced and what is its current status?
At Sunway REIT, we believe in building a greener future, hand-in-hand with our tenants. That is 
why the Sunway Green Lease Partnership Programme welcomes every tenant, new and existing, 
to join the sustainability journey.
New tenants - Seamless Start 
Sustainability is woven into the fabric of our ecosystem from day one. By signing the tenancy 
agreement, new tenants automatically commit to upholding core environmental responsibilities 
like resource conservation and waste reduction. This ensures a smooth transition towards greener 
practices within their businesses.
Existing tenants - Empowering Pledge 
Green Lease Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) is offered to existing tenants, outlining 
achievable targets for improving energy efficiency, water conservation, and waste diversion. 
This MoU serves as a platform for existing businesses to publicly declare their commitment to 
environmental sustainability.
As of December 2023, we have achieved a tenant participation of 82% from both our Retail and 
Office tenants. Prominent tenants like The Body Shop, Muji, L'OCCITANE, Starbucks Coffee, 
Roche (Malaysia), Accenture Technology Solutions, and Sunway Hotels have already embraced 
the Sunway Green Lease Partnership Programme. 
We recognise the need to bridge the knowledge gap to further improve our tenant participation 
in the Programme. Addressing the lack of understanding around sustainable practices is crucial 
to encouraging MoU sign-ups. Education, therefore, becomes the key to unlocking widespread 
participation.
SUNWAY GREEN LEASE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAMME 
EMPOWERING 
CHANGEMAKERS


---- Page 55 ----
53
Source: Sunway Malls to spread sustainability in retail sector: 
https://www.thestar.com.my/business/business-news/2023/08/25/
sunway-malls-to-spread-sustainability-in-retail-sector
What is Sunway REIT doing to encourage more tenant 
sign-ups?
2.Sustainable Capital 
We understand that some tenants may be hesitant to commit to 
sustainability initiatives due to perceived financial constraints. 
In response, we are actively collaborating with UOB Malaysia on 
sustainable financing solutions.
Under the agreement, tenants who sign the Green Lease Partnership 
Programme and achieve certain KPIs will have the opportunity to 
benefit from financing options offered by UOB.
3.Sustainable Management System
As part of our unwavering commitment to environmental responsibility 
and sustainability, we are in the beginning stages of developing a 
comprehensive monitoring system and tool called the 'Sustainability 
Management System'.
This upcoming innovative system is one leap forward in our journey 
to enable our organisation and our valued tenants to track, manage, 
and improve our sustainability efforts.
The Sustainability Management System will allow us to track key 
indicators at an individual tenant level, which includes energy 
consumption, water usage and waste management.
It will also act as a dashboard, providing our mall tenants with 
a productive tool to measure and analyse their progress and 
consumption, thereby helping them make informed decisions to 
reduce their carbon footprint.
Our goal is to deploy a user-friendly, solid, and effective measuring 
system to manage sustainability efforts.
What is 
Sunway 
REIT 
doing to 
encourage 
more tenant 
sign-ups?
                 EDUCATION       CAPITAL
2.Sustainable Capital 
SYSTEM3.Sustainable Management System
1.Sustainability Education Tiering Study Programmes
1
5
2
6
3
7
4
8
Introduction
Waste
Management
Green Lease
Green Fit-Out
Energy 
Management
Green 
Procurement 
Water
Management
Journey to Net Zero 
Carbon Emission
Sustainability Collaboration Alliance Network 'SCAN'
Co
1.Sustainability Education Tiering Study Programmes
The Sustainability Education Tiering Study Programmes 
are launched with one clear objective: to inject 
confidence in the tenants to sign the Green Lease MoU 
by providing them with the knowledge and resources 
needed to embrace sustainability.
We have launched the Sustainability Collaboration 
Alliances Network (SCAN), a collaborative effort 
with the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Solutions Network (UN SDSN), JSC, Malaysia Retail 
Association (MRA), and Malaysia Retail Chain 
Association (MRCA). This network, encompassing 
a substantial 900,000-member profile, is dedicated 
to designing and implementing SDG Education 
Programmes aimed at educating our business 
partners and retailers.
Collaborating with these esteemed parties has 
allowed us to reach out to a wider network of 
retailers, hence raising awareness at a greater 
speed on the importance of sustainability efforts.
With the inauguration of the ReX (Retail Extended 
Learning) platform, a three-tiered educational 
programme is now in place to train the retail sector.
In conclusion, our commitment to promoting sustainability through the 
Sunway Green Lease Partnership Programme reflects our dedication 
towards creating a sustainable future through joint efforts. 
We recognise that through education, collaboration, and data-
centric tools, we can all play our part to ensure our environmental 
responsibilities are met while nurturing a healthy business ecosystem. 
By implementing these initiatives, we look forward to inspiring and 
enabling not only our tenants, but retailers by and large, to do their 
part in building a sustainable world for all.
EMPOWERING CHANGEMAKERS


---- Page 56 ----
54
SATISFACTION SURVEY
Tenant satisfaction is facilitated internally through various channels, 
including the Sunway Community App, internal distribution, QR 
Codes, and direct visits to tenants’ offices. These surveys gather 
feedback on tenants' needs, services, and property management.
Retail team conducts online surveys annually through Sunway Malls 
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) among mall shoppers to 
gain deeper insights into their sentiments. 
Reviews of hospitality properties are measured via feedback forms 
from hotel guests, TripAdvisor reviews, and the Global Review Index 
by ReviewPro. The Global Review Index is a tool used by thousands of 
hotels worldwide as a benchmark for reputation management efforts.
A FOCUS ON CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
GRI 2-25, 416-1
CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
99%
90%
94%
89%
80%
87%
58%
99%
At Sunway REIT, we understand that true success in maintaining a sustainable value chain includes fostering thriving communities and delivering value to our stakeholders. This underlines 
the paramount need for customer satisfaction. We are dedicated to crafting exceptional experiences for all those who touch our portfolio, whether they are tenants headquartered at 
our offices, shoppers seeking curated retail havens or hotel guests escaping into curated comfort. By nurturing satisfaction at every corner of our portfolio, we're building a legacy that 
extends far beyond bricks and mortar, one positive experience at a time.
 Retail customer satisfaction survey 
 Hotel guest satisfaction score 
 Office tenant satisfaction score
Notes:
• In 2021, customer satisfaction surveys have been suspended by Retail segment due to the COVID-19 pandemic
• In 2021-2022, Sunway Resort Hotel was under renovation hence Sunway Resort Hotel was not scored
RETAIL HOTELOFFICE
Tenant satisfaction Customer satisfaction Guest satisfaction

---- Page 57 ----
55
Harnessing the power of automation, Sunway REIT implements standardised protocols and data-driven insights to 
revolutionise property management. This seamless technological integration elevates service consistency, propels 
productivity, minimises error margins, and fuels our competitive edge. At the heart of this initiative lie key systems 
for asset modelling, customer relationship management, lease administration, and facility upkeep. Sunway REIT's 
unwavering commitment to technological innovation ensures we remain at the forefront of the real estate industry, 
constantly surpassing expectations.
Our Office management team introduces a mobile app that 
streamlines service requests. With a few taps, tenants can 
submit their needs, ensuring prompt attention within the 
agreed-upon timelines outlined in their service level agreements. 
This commitment to convenience and efficiency reflects our 
unwavering focus on tenant satisfaction.
We go beyond mere responsiveness by actively seeking feedback 
through surveys and measurement tools to truly understand the 
needs of our building occupants. This dedication to continuous 
improvement ensures we consistently exceed expectations and 
cultivate a thriving community within our properties.
Maintenance of 
Facilities & Amenities
Service Quality – 
Responsiveness & 
Quality
RETAIL HOTEL
TECH-DRIVEN EXCELLENCE IN PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
TripAdvisor Traveller’s 
Choice Hotel Awards 2023
A FOCUS ON CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
Tenant satisfaction is measured based on the following:
Sunway Malls’ endeavours in innovation has always 
been a forefront to drive customer relation and business 
productivity. From Smart Parking to Smart Washroom, our 
latest venture includes the consolidation of our individual 
malls’ mobile apps into one ‘Sunway Malls mobile app’ 
for customer convenience. Additionally, our Customer 
Engagement Hub is optimised to include chatbots powered 
by Generative AI for quicker response time. 
The Virtual Concierge service is extended to Sunway 
Carnival Mall for improvement in productivity. To ensure 
efficiency in asset management and preventive maintenance, 
our RetailTECH system is also optimised to manage daily 
tasks such as tenant complaints, misconducts, inspections, 
permit applications, after-operation hour access, and 
announcements within the same platform. 
Future innovation drive continues with escalator monitoring 
OFFICE
Empowering our tenants, anytime, anywhere Elevating experiences through AI
Earning Tripadvisor's 2023 Travellers' Choice Award is more than just 
an accolade; it is a resounding validation of our Hotels' excellence, 
directly from the voices of satisfied guests. This prestigious 
recognition is a testament to our unwavering commitment to 
exceptional hospitality. It signifies that our efforts to curate 
unforgettable experiences, from luxurious comfort to attentive 
service, have truly resonated with our guests, propelling us to the 
pinnacle of traveller preference. 
With this badge of honour, we stand proudly before the world, 
knowing that our Hotels truly deliver on the promise of an 
extraordinary stay.
Exceeding guests' expectations
Sunway Resort Hotel
Sunway Pyramid Hotel
Sunway Lagoon Hotel
Sunway Putra Hotel 
Sunway Hotel Georgetown
KAYAK Travel Awards 
• Sunway Hotel Georgetown  
• Sunway Hotel Seberang Jaya
World Islamic Tourism Award (Wita) 2023
Sunway Resort Hotel - Best Muslim Friendly Resort Hotel 
International Travel Awards 2023 – ‘Best Family Hotel 2023’ 
Sunway Putra Hotel
system and AI powered CCTVs. Our 
venture into innovation encompasses a 
holistic vision of elevating experiences, 
through provision of excellent 
facilities, customer service, and high-
performance facility management.

---- Page 58 ----
56
INVESTING IN COMMUNITY 
INCLUSIVITY 
•  Company’s Financial Performance
•  Employee Well-being 
•  Human Rights
•  Community Investment
•  Value Chain Improvement
Human 
Social and Relationship
•  Employee Learning and Development
•  Health and Safety Training
•  Employee Engagement
•  Community Investment
•  Upskilled Workforce
•  High-performing Workforce
•  Safe and Healthy Communities
CAPITAL
MATERIAL ISSUES
ACTIVITIES
VALUE CREATED
GOAL
3
Sunway REIT is committed to establishing lasting value and promoting a sustainable future for our stakeholders. We 
focus on cultivating an inclusive and supportive workplace, prioritising employee development through quality training 
and leadership programmes. Sunway REIT is dedicated to investing in workplace safety not just for our people, but also 
for our contractors, visitors, clients, customers and our Sunway communities. Additionally, our commitment to empower 
others goes beyond internal growth, as we also strive to empower marginalised communities through impactful initiatives. 

---- Page 59 ----
57
UPHOLDING HUMAN RIGHTS
At Sunway REIT, we value human rights as a cornerstone of responsible business. Our Human Rights Policy, aligned with global standards such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and UN 
Guiding Principles underscores our commitment to equality and fair treatment. We also recognise the International Labour Organisation (ILO) eight fundamental conventions and as such, we maintain 
a zero-tolerance approach towards child labour and forced labour across all our operations. This proactive approach includes a grievance mechanism, ensuring swift resolution and reinforcing our 
dedication to a workplace that upholds the dignity of every individual. 
Sunway REIT has well-established grievance procedures and 
whistleblowing channels accessible to both our employees and 
external parties. Employees who whistle blow are accorded 
confidentiality protection for their identity and safeguarded 
against any adverse or detrimental actions for disclosing any 
instances of improper conduct.
Whistleblowing Hotline : +603 5639 8025
Whistleblowing Email : whistleblowing@sunway.com.my
FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION
Our Human Rights Policy mandates that Sunway REIT, its 
suppliers, and subcontractors shall not knowingly engage in or 
endorse the use of forced or bonded labour. They are expected to 
proactively implement measures to prevent the use of such labour 
in any business dealings or activities associated with Sunway REIT.
Every Sunway REIT employee is required to adhere to all relevant 
federal and state laws, regulations, and ordinances governing 
their work and responsibilities. Violation of any applicable 
federal and state laws may result in disciplinary action, including 
termination of employment.
of employees covered under National Union of Hotels, Bar & 
Restaurant Workers Peninsular Malaysia.
Sunway REIT’s approach to prevent negative impacts on human 
rights is in three parts:
We comply with the Employment Act of 1955 and all relevant 
labour laws in Malaysia. Triennial meetings between employer 
representatives and unions reassess and revise collective 
agreements. Notice period and provisions for consultation and 
negotiation are three months. Decisions affecting employees 
during operational changes are handled on a case-by-case basis.A public 
commitment to 
respecting human 
rights
An ongoing 
process of 
human rights due 
diligence
A process to ensure access to remedy 
for anyone adversely affected or harmed 
directly or indirectly caused, or contributed 
to, by our business activities
HUMAN RIGHTS DUE DILIGENCE
LABOUR DUE DILIGENCE GRIEVANCE MECHANISM
POLICY AGAINST HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATION 
Whistleblowing Policy - 
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/SUNREIT-
Whistleblowing-Policy-v5.pdf
Sunway Hotel 
Georgetown
Sunway Hotel 
Seberang Jaya
57% 57%
HOTEL
Human rights are the fundamental entitlements and inherent protections afforded to all individuals, guaranteeing fairness, dignity, and equality. They constitute a universal framework 
guiding the treatment and respect for everyone
HUMAN RIGHTS POLICY
This Policy articulates our commitment to respecting 
and upholding fundamental human rights principles, 
promoting equality, fair treatment, and ethical conduct 
within our operations and supply chain.
We commit to:
Equal opportunities
Freedom of Association
Protection from Any Form of Harassment and 
Abuse
Safety and Health
Avoidance of Any Forced or Compulsory Labour
The Rights of Children
1
 2
3
Reported cases of confirmed discrimination 
or violation of human rights
GRI 2-26, 407-1, 408-1, 409-1, 410-1, 411-1
 In 2023,
ZERO
Human Rights Policy:   
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/240901-
Sunway-REIT-Human-Rights-Policy-v2.pdf

---- Page 60 ----
58
This section delves into our conscientious efforts in Human Capital Management, where we align our business goals with the well-being, growth, and diversity of our workforce. From prioritising 
employee well-being and development to fostering a culture of inclusion, we recognise that sustainable success is intricately linked to cultivating and managing our human capital. 
PEOPLE AT THE CORE
GRI 2-7, 3-3, 202-1, 202-2, 401-1, 401-2, 401-3, 402-1, 404-1, 404-2, 404-3, 405-1, 405-2, 406-1, 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7, 408-1, 409-1
Human Capital Management involves optimising the potential of a workforce, aligning business goals with employee growth and well-being. It is a strategic approach that recognises 
people as a critical asset, crucial for organisational success and sustainability.
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
We prioritise employees’ well-being, organising events like 
celebrations and team bonding. We have an Employee Assistance 
Programme (EAP) in place, offering free, confidential mental 
health support 24/7 through hotline +6018-3893220, handled 
by professional counsellors, emphasising our commitment to 
their holistic welfare.
In our commitment to becoming an employer of choice, we go 
beyond the regulatory obligations to offer compelling benefits. 
In line with the amended Employment Act (Amendment 2022), 
we have increased maternity leave from 60 to 98 days and have 
introduced flexible working arrangements. Starting 1 January 
2024,  the following additional benefits have been included:
•  Increased childcare subsidy and tax exemption for the 
subsidy.
•  Newly added benefit covered for all employees under staff 
medical and life coverage.
EMPLOYEE WELLBEING Health and 
Well-being Initiatives
• Reserved parking spaces 
for expectant mothers 
• Lactaction Room 
A social club for Sunway 
employees that organises 
various activities such as:
• Blood donation drives
• Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) 
activities
• Donation drives
• Health talks
• Sports and recreational 
activities
Subsidised tuition fees for 
employees’ children who attend 
affiliated childcare centres
• Maternity / Paternity leave
• Medical / Hospitalisation leave
• Special leave (e.g. marriage leave, 
birthday leave, etc.)
We encourage Sunway employees to be a 
healthy part of the communities they live, 
learn and play in through the following 
initiatives:
•  Live: discounts on property purchases, 
corporate discounts
•  Learn: discounts on selected educational 
programmes in all our learning 
institutions.
•  Play: discounts on theme park tickets, 
hotel room rates and food & beverage.
•  Health: discounts on healthcare services.
Supporting Working 
Mothers
Kelab Sosial 
Sunway
Flexible Working 
Schedule
Available for confirmed employees 
with a minimum of one year of 
service, upon successful completion 
and passing of the course
Eligible for confirmed employees 
with at least one year of service with 
Sunway REIT on courses taken at 
participating institutions
Tuition Fee Reimbursement
Tuition Fee Discount
Childcare Subsidy
Employee Health 
Screening
Dental & Optical 
Benefits Staff Medical & Life Coverage
Leave
Staff Discounts
Family-Friendly 
Policies
Work + Life 
Integration
Flexible Working 
Arrangement
Education 
Assistance
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENTS
We strive to foster a positive and fulfilling work environment 
through employee engagement activities. In 2022, we 
conducted an Employee Engagement Survey. In response 
to the feedback received, we introduced various initiatives 
to improve employee morale such as:
•  Implementation of  Staggered Work Hours, ‘Work from 
Anywhere’ and ‘No Meetings after 6pm’ to address 
work-life balance.
• Improved computing hardware to enhance user 
experience when meeting the escalating demand of 
digitalisation at workplace.

---- Page 61 ----
59
HUMAN CAPITAL DEVELOPMENT 
The Sustainable Events Management Policy is 
applicable to our employee engagement activities. By 
aligning employee events with our values, we strive for 
positive social and environmental impact, ensuring a 
sustainable and enriching experience for all.
PEOPLE AT THE CORE
Employees’ growth areas are identified 
through the Executive Development 
Programmes and  Sunway Leadership 
Competencies, with joint efforts from 
Sunway Group leaders to:
•  maintain the consistency of standards 
and expectations.
• develops personalised learning 
opportunities and a focused 
development journey
LEADERSHIP PROGRAMME 
In 2023, 100% of employees received performance and career development reviews 
conducted by their managers and supported by our HR Department.
At Sunway REIT, we endeavour to enhance the long-term capabilities of our employees by 
focusing on talent management. We diligently strive to attract top-tier industry talents through 
a range of dedicated efforts, which include:
TALENT MANAGEMENT 
Talent Retention 
The company aligns its annual salary structure with industry 
practices to ensure competitive total remuneration. The 
performance management system balances performance-linked 
bonuses, increments, and competitive benefits. Incentives like 
promotions, increments, and bonuses are merit-based and 
tied to employees’ performance, contingent on our fiscal year 
performance. Sunway REIT's Performance Management Tool aid 
career development, helping managers understand employees’ 
goals. This initiative includes self-evaluation assessments before 
performance reviews and encourages one-to-one sessions for 
continuous feedback
Talent Acquisition 
Sunway REIT's Talent 
Management and Development 
strategies drive business 
performance by identifying and 
attracting exceptional talent both 
externally and internally.
Talent Development
 Comprehensive learning platforms 
cover professional certifications, 
leadership, on-the-job training, 
soft skills, KNOLSKAPE simulated 
learning, and ESG awareness for 
holistic development.
SUSTAINABLE EVENTS 
MANAGEMENT POLICY 
The policy reflects our commitment to minimising 
environmental impact, prioritising energy 
efficiency, waste reduction, and sustainable 
procurement.  
The policy guides Sunway REIT to adhere to 
the best practices and principles of sustainable 
events, applying them to all employee 
engagement activities:
Reduce / avoid single-use decorations
Consider digital giveaways
Consider environmentally friendly 
alternatives to plastics and other non-
degradable materials
Encourage employees to consider public 
transportation or carpool for official out-
of-office events whenever possible
Encourage attendees to bring their own 
reusable water bottles / containers
Sustainable Events Management:  
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/
uploads/2024/02/231219-Sunway-REIT-Sustainable-
Events-Management-Policy-v4.pdf

---- Page 62 ----
60
We deliver our leadership and training programmes through four key learning platforms: 
online learning, physical classroom sessions, conferences, and seminars. These platforms 
cover a diverse array of topics designed to equip our employees with essential industry 
skills and knowledge, including professional certification courses, career workshops, as 
well as leadership and soft skills training sessions.
We have also continued partnerships with the Sunway Education Group (SEG) to offer diverse formal and 
informative educational programmes. Our informative programmes feature webinars covering UNSDGs 
and training courses with 42KL. We will also continue to collaborate with Sunway iLabs to conduct a 
Design Thinking Workshop for our employees. Employees aiming to pursue post-graduate or professional 
certifications through SEG will benefit from discounted tuition fees.In 2023, we invested over RM41,000 in employee learning and development 
programmes, guided by our Sunway Leadership Competencies. Our focus areas drive 
leadership development at all levels  from individual and team leadership to overarching 
business leadership. Our initiatives encompass a variety of learning and development 
programmes, including soft skills training, talent development, and diverse functional 
and technical training programmes. Notably, safety training is mandatory for new hires, 
ensuring a comprehensive approach to skill enhancement and professional growth.
SUSTAINABILITY AND ESG TRAINING PROGRAMME 
We prioritise employee education on sustainability, fostering awareness of ESG, which includes 17 UNSDGs, 
environmental impacts, occupational health and safety, and other ESG-related aspects. Sustainability is 
integrated into our Corporate Orientation Programme for new employees, providing an overview of 
Sunway REIT's business, values, and sustainability efforts.
Personal 
Leadership
Self / Supervisory 
Leadership 
People 
Leadership
Business 
Leadership
Group 
Leadership
Individual 
Contributors
Non-
Executives
Frontline 
Manager
Middle 
Manager
Senior 
Management
• 7 Habits of 
Highly Effective 
People
• Introduction to 
Design Thinking
• Personal 
Leadership 
Curriculum
• 7 Habits of 
Highly Effective 
People 
• Supervisory 
Skills
• Finance for 
Non-Finance 
Professionals
• Young 
Innovators 
Bootcamp
• People 
Leadership 
Curriculum
• Business 
Acumen 
Simulation
• Leading 
Change 
• Business 
Leadership 
Curriculum
• Sunway 
Executive 
Leadership 
Programme for 
Sustainability
Leadership Curriculum 
LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMMES
Total Learning 
Hours:
Training & Development  
Investment:
Average Training Hours 
Per Employee Per Year:
34
44 34 42
43
28
815 >RM41,00035
Average training hours by gender:
Average training hours by employee category:
MALE hours
hours
hours hours
hours hours hours
hours
Senior 
Management
Manager & Senior 
Manager
Senior Executive & 
Assistant Manager
Executive
FEMALE
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
PEOPLE AT THE CORE
 In 2023,

---- Page 63 ----
61
Trainings include:
•  Sunway Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy 
•  Sunway Code of Conduct and Business Ethics 
•  Sunway Personal Data Protection Notice 
•  Sunway E-Policy 
•  Sunway Human Rights Policy  
•  Sunway Conflict of Interest Declaration (COID) 
1. Learning Catalogue 2023
2. Career Conversation Toolkit
Programmes include:
• Financial Mastery Training
• Real Estate Industry Training 
• Microsoft Training
• Functional Specific Training
• Safety & Health Training
Courses / Programmes include:
•  Coaching Workshop
•  Effective Business Writing, Email & Minutes Writing
•  First Time Manager
•  Data Visualisation for Better Decision Making
•  Simulated Learning:
 » Agile Leadership
 » Agile Ways of Working
 » Influencing Skills for Leading without Authority
 » Developing Emotional Intelligence
Compulsory Annual Training on Mandatory Policies
Learning / Career Toolkits
Core Functional and Technical Training Programmes
Learning and Development Courses / Programmes 
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSIONFUNCTIONAL AND TECHNICAL TRAINING 
PROGRAMMES
At Sunway REIT, we prioritise diversity and inclusion, recognising the significant value that different segments of society bring to 
our organisation. Our commitment is evident in a diverse workforce that represents various backgrounds, enriching perspectives, 
accelerating problem-solving, improving engagement, and enhancing customer understanding. 
Adhering to local labour laws and our comprehensive Diversity and Inclusion Policy, we maintain a zero-tolerance stance against 
discrimination. We strive for equal opportunities, irrespective of gender, age, ethnicity, disability, religion, or any other status.
Our commitment to diversity is illustrated through our support for women in leadership positions, with 43% of our Board being 
female, surpassing the 30% requirement set by the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance. Notably, Tan Sri Dr. Jeffrey Cheah, 
Chairman of Sunway Berhad, is a member of the Advisory Council of Malaysia’s 30% Club. This council consists of chairpersons 
and business leaders dedicated to advancing the presence of women directors on corporate boards. This speaks of our active 
involvement in promoting gender diversity at the highest levels of leadership.
In 2023, Sunway REIT continues to prioritise local talents with 100% of our employees being locals.
Sunway REIT aims to create a culture that:
Respects and values 
others' differences
Promotes equality 
and diversity
Encourages individuals to 
grow and develop in order to 
realise their full potential
Diversity and Inclusion Policy: 
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/240901-
Sunway-REIT-Diversity-and-Inclusion-Policy-v3.pdf
PEOPLE AT THE CORE
DIVERSITY AND 
INCLUSION POLICY
The Diversity and Inclusion Policy is designed to 
foster an inclusive workplace by promoting equal 
opportunities and preventing discrimination. It 
outlines principles and commitments that celebrate 
diversity, creating a culture where individuals of various 
backgrounds feel valued. This policy contributes to a 
more innovative, collaborative, and supportive work 
environment.
Guiding Principles:
Respect differences
Value diversity of ideas
Zero tolerance for discrimination 

---- Page 64 ----
62
Male: 3
Executive Non-Executive
Male: 1
Male: 4
40 - 50 years old: 2
<30 years old: 6
40-50 years old: 5<30 years old: 4
<30 years old: 2
40-50 years old: 0
40-50 years old: 0
Malay: 2
Malay: 2
Malay: 1
Malay: 2
13%
13%
67%
29%
26%
22%50% 0%
29%
25%
78%
88%
33%
71%
39%
4%38% 13%
57%
63%
14%
13%
Female: 18
Female: 7
Female: 2
>50 years old: 5
30-40 years old: 9
>50 years old: 130-40 years old: 3
30-40 years old: 2
>50 years old: 1
>50 years old: 2
Chinese: 4
Chinese: 5
Chinese: 4
Chinese: 18
Others: 1
Indian: 1
Indian: 1
Indian: 1
GENDER
GENDER
GENDER
GENDER
AGE 
GROUP
AGE 
GROUP
AGE 
GROUP
AGE 
GROUP
ETHNICITY
ETHNICITY
ETHNICITY
ETHNICITY
EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY - Total Number of Employees: 23
NEW HIRE DIVERSITY - Total Number of New Hires: 8
TOTAL TURNOVER RATE - 6 (26%)
33% 0% 17%
9%
17% 4%
33% 33% 67%
78%
BOARD DIVERSITY - Total Number of Board Members: 7
Male: 4
57% 43%
Female: 3
Note: 
Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
PEOPLE AT THE CORE
Male: 0
<30 years old: 0
40-50 years old: 0
Malay: 0
0%
0%
0%
9%
4%
4%
Female: 2
30-40 years old: 1
>50 years old: 1
Chinese: 1
Indian: 1
AGE 
GROUP
ETHNICITY
0%
4%
4%
of our Senior Management are local hires of our employees are local hires
100% 100%

---- Page 65 ----
63
Prioritising occupational health and safety goes beyond being 
a legal obligation for Sunway REIT; it is a strategic and ethical 
imperative. This commitment is integral to our overall success, 
sustainability, and positive reputation in the real estate market.  
Our dedication extends not only to creating a safe and healthy 
work environment for employees but also for contractors, visitors, 
clients, customers, and our Sunway communities. 
Each of our business segments has its respective Occupational 
Health, Safety and Environment (OHSE) Committee to ensure a safe 
and healthy environment for both our occupants and visitors. All 
stakeholders share a duty in upholding workplace health and safety. 
Safety is a journey, as illustrated by the visual below:
TYPE OF SAFETY CULTURES 
INCREASINGLY INFORMED
INCREASING TRUST & ACCOUNTABILITY
Generative 
Safety is how we do everything around here 
Safety leadership and values drive 
our continuous improvement 
We have systems in place to manage all hazards 
Safety is important, we do a lot every 
time we have an accident 
We do not care as long as we are not caught 
by Professor Patrick Hudson  
Proactive
Calculative 
Reactive
Pathological
At the heart of our operations lies an unwavering dedication to 
creating a secure and healthy work environment. We recognise 
the paramount importance of prioritising the well-being of our 
employees, ensuring their safety is integrated into every facet 
of our business practices. The initiatives outlined in this section 
specifically cover both the employees of our business segments 
and non-employees, such as contractors providing services to 
these business segments.
SAFETY AND HEALTH
SUNWAY GROUP OHSE BUSINESS PLAN 
• Set up Occupational Health, Safety and Environment 
Management System (OHSEMS) framework by establishing 
Group OHSE policy & plan.
• Identify Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) coordinators for 
all sites in Malaysia.
• Establish Group OHSE Council and sites OHSE Committees.
• Establish OHSE Competency Pool in Sunway Group.
• Improve OHSE knowledge among OHSE coordinators such as 
establishment of Group OHSE Induction module and at least 
50% (4) of annual OHSE technical trainings.
• Increase number of competencies among OHSE coordinators.
• Increase OHSE knowledge for staff.
• Increase OHSE knowledge among Sunway contractors.
• Conduct Annual OHSE gap analysis for all sites.
• Encourage Occupational safety and health compliance to ensure all 
sites achieve ‘Average’ rating above.
• Investigate all fatalities and high consequence work related injuries 
(HCWRIs) involving Sunway staff.
• Strengthen occupational health and services and industrial hygiene 
at workplace.
• Establish Group OHSE SOPs.
• Establish emergency response procedures at all sites.
• Initiate environmental initiatives such as waste, air, water, 
environmental noise, etc.
• Promote conformance to International 
Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) 
45001:2018 Occupational Health and 
Satefy Management System.
• Improve near-miss record and 
occupational health reporting to promote 
preventive culture.
• Promote workers health through non-
occupational health programmes.
• Conduct OHSE Social Responsibility 
programmes that caters to new  OHSE 
practitioners, other parties directly 
linked to business operations (supplier / 
contractor) and communities (universities, 
school, SMEs, general public).
• Work with Group Sustainability to ensure 
relevant OHS disclosures (for ESG 
disclosure) are reported.
• Conduct Annual Corporate OHSE Audit 
at 100% of sites in Malaysia.
• Occupational Health, Safety and 
Environment for Industry 4.0.
• OHSE Risk Management through digital 
technology.
• Report OHSE performance to Group 
OHSE Council at least once per year.
People Development, Sharing & Network
Leadership Empowerment
Support Compliance through workplace guided self regulation
Promote implementation of best practice
Advance reporting and continual 
improvement
WORK SAFE, LIVE WELL
GRI 2-8, 403-1, 403-2, 403-4, 403-5, 403-8, 403-9

---- Page 66 ----
64
Organisational Structure for OHSE Standards in 
Each Business Segment
Since 2021, trained OSH Coordinators (OHS-Cs) are 
strategically placed across Business Segments to oversee 
safety initiatives. With on-site personnel, including OHSE 
Committees, they manage the OHSEMS, conducting 
meetings chaired by Senior Management, at most 
quarterly annually. This structure enhances communication, 
development, and issue resolution, supported by relevant 
training.
Providing comprehensive training to employees is imperative to ensure their competence, readiness, and expertise in their respective 
roles. These tailored training sessions are meticulously designed based on workers’ job scopes, operational requirements, and legal 
mandates.
In 2023, we conducted more than 10 safety and health topics that include general safety inductions and specialised training such 
as working at height, fire safety, first aid, kitchen safety and food safety. All training sessions were led by proficient instructors or 
experienced OHS practitioners, using both English and Bahasa Malaysia as mediated languages to ensure thorough comprehension 
among employees.
OHSEMS ensures full compliance with key regulations, including 
the Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA 1994), Factories 
and Machineries Act (FMA 1967), and Environmental Quality 
Act (EQA 1974).
Annually, Sunway REIT’s Business Segments undergo internal 
audits by certified ISO45001:2018 Lead Auditors. In 2023, all 
12 properties were audited for legal compliance and standards 
conformity, focusing on Sunway REIT internal operations, 
excluding contractors, business partners, and tenants.
External audits by authorities like the Department of Occupational 
Safety and Health (DOSH) and the Fire & Rescue Department 
of Malaysia (JBPM) are conducted for assessing compliance and 
certificate renewal, while NGO audits by the Malaysian Society for 
Occupational Safety and Health (MSOSH) contribute to continual 
improvement based on the Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) cycle.
OHSE COMMITTEE
CHAIRMAN
EMPLOYER
REPRESENTATIVE(S)
EMPLOYEE
REPRESENTATIVE(S)
Head of Business Segment 
SECRETARY
Business Segment OHS
Coordinator
  Employees were inducted on OHSE 
awareness
  Employees received OHSE training
Workers were covered by OHSMS
Workers were covered by OHSMS & 
internally audited
Workers were covered by OHSMS & 
externally audited
903
100%
61.83%
623
100%
  Developing OHS rules and safe system of work
  Reviewing the effectiveness of OHS   
  programmes
  Conducting incident studies, and ensuring  
  corrective and preventive action
  Reviewing of OHS policy
  Investigating accidents
  Inspecting the workplace
  Implementing Preventive and Corrective  
  actions (PACA). actions (PACA) on  
  OHSE reports
  Investigating complaints
  Resolving of complaints
The key functions of the OHSE 
Committee are:
OHSE COMPLIANCE AND AUDIT FRAMEWORK
 In 2023,
WORK SAFE, LIVE WELL
Note:
Employees and workers are specific to Sunway REIT's business segments

---- Page 67 ----
65
Employees
Employees
Number of Fatalities
High Consequence Work-Related Injuries
Non-employees
Non-employees
ZERO
ZERO
ZERO
ZERO
 In 2023,
MITIGATING OPERATIONAL THREATS: RISK IDENTIFICATION AND ASSESSMENT
INCIDENT REPORTING AND INVESTIGATION PROCESS
Health Services Provided to Employees
Promoting a workplace safety culture commences with instilling 
proactive behaviour among our workforce. Our Business 
Segments uphold this commitment by mandating formal risk 
assessments before commencing any activity, aiming to minimise 
and eliminate workplace health and safety risks. Identifying 
potential hazards significantly reduces workplace incidents, 
preventing severe injuries, illnesses, and disruptions to business 
operations. They implement control hierarchies for identified risks, 
conducting annual reviews or comprehensive risk assessments 
when significant changes or incidents occur.
Occupational health services are offered to enhance 
employees’ well-being during employment, ensuring 
easy access to medical attention. We are committed 
to safeguarding the health of Sunway employees, 
emphasising mental and physical fitness for optimal 
performance. Our HR and OHSE team organise various 
services and programmes, including those addressing 
non-work-related health risks, mental health, and 
well-being. We promote awareness and encourage 
participation through email blasts and the HR portal.
Occupational Health Services
• Pre-employment medical examination
• Return to Work SOP for employees impacted from 
occupational injuries or illness    
(e.g., medical removal, rehabilitation).
• Investigation of occupational poisoning / disease
• Clinical services
• Health promotion 
Well-being Improvement Programmes
•  Mental health and well-being seminars
•  Vaccination (e.g. Typhoid, COVID-19)
•  Awareness on physical inactivity
•  Seminar on healthy diet
•  Health Screening Programme
•  Provision of gym
Based on Heinrich's theory of accident, in the event of one major injury, there 
are 29 minor injuries and 300 no-injury accidents. Mitigating minor accidents 
significantly reduces the likelihood of major incidents. Vital to this effort is 
encouraging individuals to promptly report hazards and near misses. Early 
detection is key to preventing recurrence or escalation to major accidents. 
Major Injury
Accidents with 
minor injuries
Accident with 
no injuries
Implement the best solution
Test possible solutions
Act
Do
Verify effectiveness
Check
Identify the problem
Plan
WORK SAFE, LIVE WELL
1 29 300
Reference: Heinrich's theory of accident
One way to minimise such circumstances is by implementing a systematic 
incident reporting and investigation process. Business Segment utilise systems 
like E-Log and Knowledge Portal 4.0. All employees are trained to report 
hazards during their OHSE Induction Programmes. Reports are confidential, 
with experienced safety personnel conducting root cause analyses. Consultation 
with OHSE Committee members identifies preventive and corrective actions. 
After implementation and case closure, the report is presented to Management 
in the Review meeting. We also report incidents to DOSH for compliance.
Follow up actions have been taken based on the hierarchy of controls to prevent 
cases mainly associated with cuts from sharp objects and slips, trips and falls 
from occurring again. Some of the proposed measures include implementation 
of safe work procedures, usage of personal protective equipment such as cut-
resistant gloves, and instructions such as signages for slippery floor.

---- Page 68 ----
66
INCIDENT REPORTING AND INVESTIGATION PROCESS
Our business segments implement a streamlined incident 
reporting process, encouraging easy reporting of hazards and 
incidents. 
Our Whistleblowing Policy ensures confidentiality for 
whistleblowers. Workers have the right to remove themselves 
from potentially risky situations. Collecting data on occupational 
health and safety performance aids in improving safety levels 
across operational sites, fostering a healthier work environment. 
Notes:
• Employees refers to employees from business segments
• Non-employees refer to volunteers, contractors, and agency workers, among other types of workers. They might also include those working for the organisation, or for the 
organisation’s suppliers and customers
• The rates are calculated based on 1,000,000 hours worked 
• The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Sunway Pyramid Mall, Sunway Putra Mall, Sunway Carnival Mall and Sunway Property & Facility Management (Menara 
Sunway) won Gold Class II Award at the 41st Malaysian Society for Occupational Safety and Health (MSOSH) Awards, 
signifying its commitment to workplace health and safety. The MSOSH Award is an annual award that recognises 
organisation in Malaysia with proven outsatnding occupational safety and health performance. Award participants 
are subjected to stringent document with site verification audits by a panel of qualified and dedicated auditors 
before they are deemed credible for the awards. 
WORK SAFE, LIVE WELL
Recordable Work-Related Injuries: 
Recordable Work-Related Injuries Rate:
Lost Time Injury (LTIR):
Number of Hours Worked:
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR):
  Employees
  Non-employees
  Employees
  Non-employees
  Employees
  Non-employees
  Employees
  Non-employees
  Employees
  Non-employees
9
2.41 
0.48 
3,731,290
2.41
ZERO
Lost Time Injury (LTI):
  Employees
  Non-employees
9
ZERO
ZERO
ZERO
1,977,974
ZERO
In 2023,
INCIDENT REPORTING AND INVESTIGATION PROCESS
Report is also presented to 
DOSH as commitment to 
compliance with incident 
reporting
Employee reports hazard 
and / or incident through an 
internal system or through 
their safety coordinator
An experienced safety 
person investigates 
the claim. A root cause 
analysis is conducted 
in consultation with 
Operations, HR and Safety 
& Health Committee 
membersSafety and Health 
Committee members 
recommend risk mitigation 
methods that are 
equivalent to a hierarchy of 
controls for the identified 
hazard
Preventive and corrective 
actions are taken
Report is presented to 
the Management at the 
Group OHSE Council 
and Management review 
meeting
1 2
3
4
5 6
MSOSH Awards

---- Page 69 ----
67
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT THROUGH FOSTERING INCLUSIVITY 
GRI 203-1, 413-1, 413-2
Corporate responsibility is integral to our identity, driving our vision to enhance stakeholder value through Community Engagement. As an inclusive organisation, we actively connect 
with and uplift marginalised communities through partnerships with non-governmental / not-for-profit organisations. Each collaboration positively impacts lives, fostering lasting changes 
within the community. Our endeavours are aligned with Sunway Group’s commitment to the UNSDGs, evident in the #SunwayforGood initiatives in Healthcare, Education, and Community 
Enrichment.
Sunway Malls Together For Good Booklet is crafted 
to engage children in entertaining yet educational 
activities with a core focus on sustainability. This 
booklet is extensively distributed to kindergartens 
and primary schools in the Klang Valley, as well as 
within our malls. A total of 20,000 booklets were 
printed for direct distribution to schools and within 
the malls, reflecting a direct investment of RM31,950.
Sunway REIT continues to empower society through education with sustainable initiatives aimed at nurturing future generations. 
This project by Sunway Carnival Mall revitalised all 
six (6) Form 5 classrooms, actively engaging with 
the students and cultivating a sense of ownership in 
them. Volunteers, including students and teachers, 
participated in tasks such as scraping old paint, 
filling holes, and applying fresh coats of paint.
EDUCATION
TOGETHER FOR GOOD BOOKLET PAINTING MORE THAN COLOURS
20,000 6booklets classrooms
In 2023, Sunway REIT supported part of Sunway 
Group's contribution on the following
DedicatedImpacted more than
>RM3.8 million 
3,10892,087
in Community Inclusivity
man-hours to volunteerism 
by Sunway employees
beneficiaries
Three pillars of #SunwayforGood
HEALTHCARE
EDUCATION
COMMUNITY ENRICHMENT


---- Page 70 ----
68
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT THROUGH FOSTERING INCLUSIVITY 
The blood donation drive held at Wisma Sunway garnered significant public 
participation, and received support from Jabatan Kesihatan Negeri Selangor 
(JKNS) and the Blood Transfusion Unit at Hospital Tengku Ampun Rahimah 
(HTAR). In an effort to overcome the shortage in blood supply, Sunway 
Carnival Mall organised separate blood donation drives at Hospital Seberang 
Jaya and Hospital Pulau Pinang.
Health and well-being continue to be a key priority for Sunway REIT 
and we strive to promote good civic consciousness.
Total bags of
blood 
collected: Total donors:
Wisma Sunway Sunway Carnival Mall
Wisma Sunway hosted a transformative event during Dental Health Week 
with Jabatan Kesihatan Negeri Selangor’s Dental Unit, offering free dental 
treatment to tenants from 3 -7 July 2023. The event focused on the theme 
'Mulut Sihat Pilihan Saya', raising awareness about dental cleanliness and 
health. With a commitment to tenant well-being, JKNS efficiently scheduled 
time slots, minimising wait time for minor dental check-ups and treatments 
in a mobile clinic. This initiative not only prioritises dental health but also 
reflects Sunway REIT’s dedication to a community-centric environment.
HEALTHCARE
BLOOD DONATION DRIVE
56 184
FREE DENTAL TREATMENT
procedures
388
GENERATING POSITIVE IMPACT THROUGH 
AUTSOME
According to the National Autism Society of Malaysia (NASOM)1, 
autism and its associated behaviours have been estimated to 
affect as many as one in 68 newborns. Recognising the needs, 
Sunway Putra Mall has pioneered Autism Spectrum Disorder 
(ASD)  awareness in Malaysia. As the first mall to integrate autism-
friendly features, it offers sensory walls, a calm room, dimmed 
lights, reduced volume, Autsome shopping, and reserved 
parking. Launched in 2019, the Autsome Programme provides 
special promotions and discounts, aligning with SDG 3: Good 
Health and Wellbeing and SDG 10: Reduced Inequalities.
Sunway Pyramid Mall has partnered 
with the Early Autism Project  for 
the Autsome Starter Kit initiative, 
sponsoring 15 kits valued at 
approximately RM225 each for 
the B40 families. This exemplifies 
Sunway Pyramid Mall's commitment 
to inclusivity and making a positive 
impact on the lives of those in need.
Reaching out to the underprivileged and the underserved is 
part of our corporate social responsibility, as we aim to ensure 
no one is left behind.
In a heartfelt gesture, Sunway Putra 
Mall presented the joy of Hari Raya 
Aidilfitri with World Autism Awareness 
Month through the Cahaya Raya X 
Autsome campaign. This initiative 
raised a remarkable total fund of 
RM7,380, supporting four deserving 
beneficiaries and exemplifying the 
mall’s commitment to making a 
meaningful difference in the lives of 
the autism community.
In its continuous collaboration with the 
Early Autism Project, Sunway Pyramid 
Mall partnered with The Hope Project 
to sponsor three fully-equipped 
toy libraries for NASOM centres in 
Titiwangsa, Gombak and Teluk Pulai 
on 23 April 2023. Items include 
sensory toys, stationery, shelves and 
children's tables and chairs. This is a 
one-off initiative.
We are committed to prioritising autism awareness but our efforts extend beyond that to actively championing 
initiatives that promote inclusivity, accessibility, and opportunities for individuals with autism to thrive in various 
aspects of life. These initiatives are the fruits of our firm belief in the importance of empowering individuals 
with autism within our society.
Educate the 
society on autism 
awareness
Advocate for 
acceptance 
of the autism 
community
Celebrate 
inclusiveness and 
togetherness in 
the community
 Source: NASOM (The National Autism Society of Malaysia): 
https://www.nasom.org.my/
AUTSOME STARTER KIT
RAYA FUNDRAISING FOR AUTISM
TOY LIBRARIES FOR AUTISM
COMMUNITY ENRICHMENT

---- Page 71 ----
69
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT THROUGH FOSTERING INCLUSIVITY 
UNIVERSAL ACCESSIBILITY 
Sunway REIT champions an all-inclusive society 
through the implementation of our Universal 
Accessibility Policy. This policy underscores our 
commitment to ensuring physical accessibility in 
our buildings, wherever practical and feasible, 
striving to create spaces that are welcoming and 
accessible to everyone.
UNIVERSAL 
ACCESSIBILITY POLICY
This policy details the principles and 
practices of physical accessibility to 
be implemented in common areas and 
infrastructure, like toilets, lifts, and other 
relevant spaces:
Building spaces that are easily 
accessible for people with limited 
mobility
Accommodating assistive devices 
by constructing curb cuts and 
sidewalk ramps
Implementing the use of lever 
handles for doors requiring manual 
lockset
Standardising fire alarm pull 
stations with single-hand, closed 
fist operation
Universal Accessibility Policy: 
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/10/230803-Sunway-REIT-
Universal-Accessibility-Policy-v2.pdf
Celebrations, while joyous, present a financial challenge for underserved communities. 
In response, we have made a substantial contribution to ensure that less fortunate 
communities can partake in these significant festive occasions, spreading joy and 
inclusivity.
• Sunway Resort Hotel successfully raised 
around RM3,800 through the sale of 
handmade Christmas ornaments acquired 
from Batik Boutique. The entire proceeds 
will go towards supporting Praise Emmanuel 
Children's Home.
• Sunway Resort Hotel has welcomed 2 individuals with disabilities into the 
Reservation Department, with the assistance of a Job Coach. This collaborative 
effort is dedicated to offering meaningful employment to individuals who may 
face additional challenges in the workplace.
• Sunway Putra Hotel celebrated 50 casual and part-time staff that migrated from 
another country as unsung heroes that played an integral role in supporting the 
Hotel’s operation.
RAMADAN AND HARI RAYA THAIPUSAM
DEEPAVALI
CHRISTMAS 
FOSTERING POSITIVE IMPACT THROUGH INCLUSIVITY 
CELEBRATING UNSUNG HEROES
• Sunway Putra Hotel 
contributed Buka Puasa 
meals to children and their 
caregivers. The children were 
also given stationery kits and 
duit raya.
• Sunway Hotel Seberang Jaya and 
Sunway Hotel Georgetown distributed 
2,500 meals to visitors / devotees 
in George Town during Thaipusam.
• Sunway Pyramid Mall partnered with 
Getha to furnish NASOM Group Home 
in Bandar Puteri with new household 
appliances, bed and mattress sets 
worth RM10,000
• Sunway Pyramid Mall donated RM2,000 
to Hopes Malaysia Welfare Association 
to rebuild the deteriorating 34-year-old 
Kampung Koung Malaan bridge in Sabah
• Sunway Pyramid Mall contributed 
RM5,000 to aid in the repair of Stepping 
Stones Living Centre, which faced damage 
from floods and landslides two years ago.
• Sunway Putra Hotel 
distributed bubuk lambuk to 
motorists along Jalan Putra.
FESTIVALS
SUPPORTED EMPLOYMENT 


---- Page 72 ----
70
RESPECTING ETHICAL 
PRINCIPLES
•  Responsible and Sustainable Financing 
•  Innovation and Technology
•  Group Standards and Operation Procedures
•  Macro-economic Issues
•  Company’s Financial Performance
Social and Relationship
Intellectual
• Code of Conduct and Business Ethics
• Mandatory Training on Anti-Bribery & 
Corruption
• Corporate, Board and Sustainability Policies 
• Cybersecurity and Data Governance
• Strong Governance
• Zero Tolerance for Fraud, Bribery and 
Corruption
• Data Security and Privacy for Customers
CAPITAL
MATERIAL ISSUES
ACTIVITIES
VALUE CREATED
At Sunway REIT, a deep commitment to ethical principles is at the core of our corporate policies and our dedication to ESG principles. 
This commitment, which includes upholding business integrity and promoting equitable practices, enables us to cultivate a high 
level of trust and confidence among our stakeholders, going beyond mere regulatory compliance.
To ensure the continuity of this commitment, we have carefully crafted a resilient framework that ensures sound corporate governance. 
The collaboration between The Board, the Sustainability Committee, and the SWG promotes transparency and trust among 
stakeholders.
For more information on Sustainability Governance, please refer to page 7
GOAL
4

---- Page 73 ----
71
Sunway REIT’s policies:
https://www.sunwayreit.com/corporate-sustainability/governance/
• Directors’ Remuneration Policy 
• Non-Audit Services Policy  
• Policy on Selection and Assessment of Board of 
Directors 
• Policy on Selection of External Auditors 
•  Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy (ABC)  
• Anti-Money Laundering Policy (AML) 
• Diversity & Inclusion Policy  
• Whistleblowing Policy & Procedures
Sunway REIT is aligned with Sunway Berhad’s policy: 
• Group Occupational Health, Safety & Environmental 
Policy  
• Sustainability Policy Updated! 
• Donations, Sponsorship and Corporate Responsibility 
Policy Updated!
• Biodiversity Policy New! 
• Diversity and Inclusion New!
• Green Building Policy New! 
• Human Rights Policy New!
• Water Management Policy New! 
• Sustainable Procurement Policy New! 
• Sustainable Events Management Policy New! 
• Universal Accessibility Policy
Our dedication to sound governance is evident in the REIT's exceptional ESG scores on globally recognised and established ESG indices. These ratings not only demonstrate our 
commitment to sustainability but also function as a data-driven tool for reflection and self-assessment. In 2023, Sunway REIT's FTSE Russell ESG Rating increased from 3.2 to 3.6 while our 
MSCI ESG Rating improved from 'BB' to 'A' and our CDP Climate Change Score upgraded from 'C' to 'B'. 
ZERO TOLERANCE FOR FRAUD, BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION
CODE OF CONDUCT AND BUSINESS ETHICS
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Sunway REIT upholds elevated ethical standards and robust governance through well-established Group Standards and Operating 
Procedures, rigorously forbidding fraud, bribery, and corruption. Our Code of Conduct, Business Ethics, along with comprehensive 
policies, not only provides guidance for our Directors and employees but also extends to anyone engaging with us.  
At Sunway REIT, our Anti-Bribery & Corruption (ABC) Policy maintains a strict zero-tolerance stance against fraud, bribery, and 
corruption. The ABC policy is communicated extensively through various channels like our website, training sessions, and induction 
programmes. We also engaged in proactive risk management by identifying, assessing and mitigating ABC risks as reflected in 
quarterly reports to our Risk Management Committee and conducting detailed assessments every three years. 
Our materiality survey revealed that anti-corruption and business ethics are our top two priorities, echoing our resolution in upholding 
the highest standards of ethical business practices.
Our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics is a comprehensive guide designed to ensure compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulatory requirements across our operations and activities. It contains regularly updated corporate policies to remain aligned 
with evolving regulations. It also acts as an ethical compass for our directors, employees, business partners, vendors, and anyone 
engaging with Sunway REIT.
We prioritise protecting our people and organisation from risks that could harm our finances, business, or reputation. Our risk 
management plan not only identifies and minimises risks, but also saves costs and strengthens our company's reputation. Sunway 
REIT’s risk management framework, aligned with ISO 31000:2018 guidelines, integrates Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) into 
critical business activities to identify and address potential risks affecting our organisation and stakeholders. 
Our non-compliance procedures allow us to thoroughly investigate and report identified issues. Additionally, we ensure continuous 
communication with the Board and employees, updating them on our goals and policies through our corporate website, training 
sessions, and induction programmes. 
BUILDING RESILIENT GOVERNANCE 
SUNWAY REIT’S POLICIES
Board Policies
Sunway Berhad’s Policy
Sunway REIT’s Sustainability Policies
Corporate Policies
GRI 2-15, 2-19, 2-22, 2-23, 2-24, 2-25, 2-27, 3-3, 206-1, 205-1, 205-2, 205-3, 307-1, 419-1
In 2023,
reported cases of anti-competitive 
behaviours, violations of anti-trust and 
monopoly
reported cases of non-compliance with laws and 
regulations in environmental, social and economic 
areas
reported cases of bribery and corruption reported cases of non-compliance concerning the 
health and safety impacts of products and services
ZERO ZERO
ZERO ZERO
For more information on Risk Management, please refer to Sunway REIT's Integrated Annual Report 2023

---- Page 74 ----
72
Sunway REIT has outlined a comprehensive strategy for managing 
donations, contributions, and sponsorships, emphasising ethical 
considerations and adherence to corporate responsibility. The policy 
involves thorough due diligence, risk assessment, and monitoring to 
ensure alignment with corporate values and legal compliance. Sunway 
REIT aims to contribute positively to social causes, support communities, 
and align with the national agenda for growth. All donations adhere to 
Malaysian laws, are directed towards established entities, and strictly 
prohibited for illicit purposes. The policy emphasises transparency 
through regular disclosures and internal audit records, aligning with 
Sunway REIT's commitment to ethical business practices and corporate 
citizenship. 
Each sponsorship initiative is designed to contribute positively to 
the community, support causes integral to our mission, and foster 
mutually beneficial partnerships. With a commitment to transparency 
and responsible corporate citizenship, our sponsorships aim to make a 
meaningful impact on the well-being of individuals, communities, and 
the broader societal landscape.
In adhering to a structured and transparent approach, the following outlines our rigorous approval / declining process. 
This process is designed to ensure scrutiny, strategic alignment, and adherence to established criteria in evaluating 
proposals. We uphold the principles of accountability, consistency, and responsible decision-making in all sponsorship 
matters.
Approval / Declining Process
All requests for donation to be centralised and chanelled to 
Sunway REIT’s CFO, CEO, SC as well as 
Group Brand Marketing and Communication (GBMC) 
Register the request in the database, check the source of 
donation request and records to meet the Donation Policy 
requirements and criteria.  
If agree to donate 
Submit request 
to Sunway REIT's 
CEO & CFO for 
approval
If donation request meets all criteria, 
submit recommendation and rationale for 
acceptance and / or exception 
Upon approval, send letter of acceptance to 
the requestor, along with the request for all 
pertinent information for disbursement
File the successful / unsuccessful donation request for SWG’s 
record purpose 
SC to review 
and provide 
recommendation 
to the Board 
If disagree to 
donate 
Send a decline 
letter to the 
requestor  
DONATIONS, SPONSORSHIPS AND CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY
DONATIONS, 
SPONSORSHIPS 
AND CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY 
POLICY
The policy sets out best practices 
in making donations and 
contributions. The purpose of the 
policy is to: 
Provide guidance for 
strategic donations and 
sponsorships  
Emphasise due diligence to 
identify potential affiliations
Implement proper controls 
to mitigate the risk of 
kickbacks
Donations, Sponsorships and Corporate 
Responsibility Policy:   
https://www.sunwayreit.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/10/230803-Sunway-REIT-
Donations-Sponsorship-ad-CR-Policy-v2.
pdf
Category Objective
Goodwill Sponsorships 
To respect existing stakeholder 
relationships and / or build new 
networks while meeting various 
business objectives.
Media Sponsorships 
In support of true and fair reporting 
and disclosure of information or events 
that will increase awareness and bring 
positive actions that are aligned with 
Sunway REIT’s sustainability agenda.
Community-driven 
Sponsorships 
To support various stakeholder 
communities to include institutions 
for the disadvantaged and 
underprivileged groups, etc.
Above 
RM30,000
Up to 
RM30,000
BUILDING RESILIENT GOVERNANCE 

---- Page 75 ----
73
Sunway 
Digital 
Hub
Sunway REIT
supported by
The enhanced online presence in Sunway REIT’s business, due to digital acceleration, exposes 
us to potential cyber threats. We have implemented multiple measures and invested in robust 
solutions to strengthen our cyber resilience, mitigating legal, financial, and reputational risks 
associated with cybercrime. 
Sunway REIT is supported by Sunway Digital Hub, led by the Chief Information Officer (CIO) of 
Sunway Berhad. The CIO is a member of the National Tech Association of Malaysia (PIKOM) CIO 
Chapter and PIKOM Cybersecurity User Group. Moreover, the CIO oversees the management 
of the Shared Services Centre and is tasked with submitting periodic reports to the Board on 
the Group’s latest cybersecurity and technology strategies .
Conducts a yearly 
disaster recovery 
simulation for 
critical services.
Practises periodic 
vulnerability 
assessments and 
patch management.
Conducts an annual 
review to ensure the 
effectiveness of the 
Group’s information 
security.
Gets audited 
internally and 
externally.
Sunway Digital Hub, certified to meet ISO 27001:2013 international standards, prioritises the 
efficiency of its Information Security Management System (ISMS). It maintains a comprehensive 
set of policies and procedures that encompass various legal, physical, and technical controls 
within Sunway REIT's information risk management processes .
Innovation and Technology are essential for every organisation to stay at the industry’s forefront. Yet, careful navigation in cybersecurity, data governance and safeguarding customer 
privacy is crucial to business health.
We are committed to safeguarding customer privacy and their data, ensuring we foster trust and 
uphold customer satisfaction. Some of our practices include:
Adherence to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA);
Sunway REIT and employees of Sunway Malls, Sunway Offices, and Sunway Hotels are required to:
•  Comply with the PDPA,
•  Adhere to Sunway’s compliance manual and all Sunway policies related to the PDPA,
•  Read, understand and acknowledge non-disclosure agreements (NDAs),
• Attend PDPA training and conduct an annual internal audit of PDPA compliance.
Implementation of Data Governance Framework, Policies & Procedures
Our Group Information Technology (GIT) team has developed and implemented the Data Governance 
Framework, Policies, and Procedures. This comprehensive guide is instrumental for Sunway in the 
domains of data management and security, ensuring consistency and efficiency in data handling 
across the Group. This initiative effectively reduces the risk of data misuse, holding every employee 
to the highest standards of privacy and confidentiality .
Privacy Policies Across Our Properties
In Sunway Malls, we prioritise customer privacy by respecting their preferences, allowing them to 
choose their preferred contact method, and providing clear reminders about the use of pictures 
and video footage captured within the malls. All requested personal information is handled in 
accordance with PDPA privacy regulations. 
Moreover, in our Hotels, access to guests’ personal data is restricted to authorised personnel only. 
Similarly, in office spaces, tenants’ information is kept confidential, and disclosure requires prior 
consent from the tenants, ensuring stringent data access control across our properties.
We have introduced an accessible ePolicy 
through our Online Learning System, 
emphasising the importance of data protection 
and privacy via monthly newsletters, annual 
performance reviews, and regular phishing 
simulation exercises. Additionally, we have 
established a dedicated email for reporting 
cybersecurity incidents. 
CYBERSECURITY & DATA GOVERNANCE
CUSTOMER PRIVACY PROTECTION
SECURING THE DIGITAL LANDSCAPE
GRI 418-1
reported cases of 
cybersecurity breaches
reported cases of customer privacy breaches or loss of customer data
ZERO
ZERO
In 2023, 
In 2023, 

---- Page 76 ----
74
Memberships In Associations
Building Management Standards 
Key Performance Indicators 
Bursa Malaysia's Enhanced Sustainability Report Requirements
GRI Content Index
Glossary 
Assurance Statements
Appendices

---- Page 77 ----
75
Office
Board of Engineer, Malaysia Mr. Michael Kwan Ching Dao, Professional Engineer with 
Practising Certificate
Board of Quantity Surveyor Mr. Miracle Liam Wee Lit, Professional Quantity Surveyor
Board of Valuers, Appraisers, Estate Agents and Property 
Managers (BOVEAP)
Ms. Ana Nofita, Member 
Mr. James Chan Ngai Toh, Member 
Mr. Goh Hai Thun, Member 
Mr. Goh Leng Seng, Member 
Mr. Goo Chee Kang, Member 
Mr. Lee Chin Hong, Member 
Mr. Ng Wee Chiang, Member 
Mr. Vasantakumar A/l Machap, Member 
GreenRE Sdn Bhd Mr. Ahmad Faisal Bin Che Mohamad, GreenRE Manager 
Institute of Workplace and Facilities Management Mr. Zamzul Khairi Bin Zulkifli, Certified Grade
Institution of Mechanical Engineers, United Kingdom Mr. Michael Kwan Ching Dao, Fellow 
Malaysia Association of Energy Service Companies Mr. Zamzul Khairi Bin Zulkifli, Energy Measurement & 
Verification Professional
Malaysia Association of Facility Management Mr. Vasantakumar A/l Machap, Member
Malaysia Board of Technologists Zamzul Khairi Bin Zulkifli, Professional Technologist 
Malaysian Institute of Property & Facility Managers
Mr. Vasantakumar A/L Machap, Member
Mr. Goh Leng Seng, Member
Mr. Ng Wee Chiang, Member
Royal Institute of Surveyors Malaysia Mr. Miracle Liam Wee Lit, Member
Suruhanjaya Tenaga Malaysia Mr. Sathish Kumar A/L Ramaiah, Registered Electrical Energy 
Manager
The Institute of Engineers Malaysia
Mr. Shaun Yap Jian Aun, Graduate Engineer
Mr. Michael Kwan Ching Dao, Member 
75
MEMBERSHIPS IN ASSOCIATIONS
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
GRI 2-28
Business 
Segment Name of Organisation Sunway REIT’s Representation Business 
Segment Name of Organisation Sunway REIT’s Representation
REIT
Asia Pacific Real Assets (APREA) Sunway REIT
Climate Governance Malaysia Sunway REIT
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales Mr. Clement Chen Kok Peng, Member
Malaysian Institute of Accountants
Mr. Clement Chen Kok Peng, Chartered Accountant
Ms. Ng Bee Lien, Chartered Accountant
Ms. Cheng Shiau Ling, Chartered Accountant
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants Ms. Rachel Soo Wei Hong, Fellow Chartered Certified Accountant
Board of Engineer, Malaysia
Ms. Jacqueline Wong Yin Teng, Graduate Engineer
Ms. Angeline Sie Ing Swan, Graduate Engineer
The Institute of Engineers Malaysia Ms. Angeline Sie Ing Swan, Graduate Engineer
GreenRE Sdn Bhd
Ms. Koh Sin Yee, GreenRE Manager
Ms. Hoh Ming Hooi, GreenRE Manager
Ms. Angeline Sie Ing Swan, GreenRE Manager
Ms. Yeoh Wei Ni, GreenRE Manager
Green Building Index (GBI) Ms. Angeline Sie Ing Swan, GBI Facilitator
U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) Ms. Angeline Sie Ing Swan, LEED Accredited Professional
Association of Valuers, Property Managers, Estate Agents 
and Property Consultants in the Private Sector (PEPS) Mr. Yu Kok Kwang, Ordinary Member
Sunway REIT is actively engaged in multiple industry associations, holding key positions that contribute significantly to industry advancement. Our affiliations with esteemed associations underscore 
our unwavering dedication to robust corporate governance, aligning with the Principles of Governance—a cornerstone of the World Economic Forum’s International Business Council.
Retail Malaysia Shopping Malls Association
Mr. Chan Hoi Choy, Advisor
Ms. Phang Sau Lian, Vice President 1
Mr. Michael Poh Oon Howe, Committee Member (Social) 
Mr. Chai Wen Yew, representative for Sunway Carnival Mall
Mr. Danny Lee Yan Leng, representative for Sunway Putra Mall
Mr. Stewart Lee Siew Kit, representative for Sunway Pyramid Mall
Hotel 
Malaysia Association of Hotels (Security KL Chapter) Muhammad Azim bin Abd Jabar
Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) Malaysia Sunway Hotel Georgetown & Sunway Hotel Seberang Jaya
Malaysian Association of Hotels (MAH)
Sunway Resort Hotel, Member
Sunway Putra Hotel KL, Member 
Sunway Hotel Georgetown
Sunway Hotel Seberang Jaya
Association of Hotel Employers (AHE)
Sunway Resort Hotel, Ms. Eugenia Tan, EXCO 2023-2024 
(Committee Member)
Sunway Putra Hotel, Nurul Ain Mohamed Tahir, EXCO 2022-2023 
(Committee Member)
British Malaysian Chamber of Commerce Berhad Sunway Resort Hotel, Member

---- Page 78 ----
76
BUILDING MANAGEMENT STANDARDS
Business Segment Building Management Standards Details
Managed Assets 
Office 
Menara Sunway ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in 2018 (Latest recertification in December 2021, valid until January 2025)
ISO 27001: 2013 (Information Security Management System) Achieved in 2016 (Valid until 2025. Via Digital Hub)
Sunway Tower ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in 2018 (Latest recertification in December 2021, valid until January 2025)
ISO 27001: 2013 (Information Security Management System) Achieved in 2016 (Valid until 2025. Via Digital Hub)
Sunway Putra Tower ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in 2018 (Latest recertification in December 2021, valid until January 2025)
ISO 27001: 2013 (Information Security Management System) Achieved in 2016 (Valid until 2025. Via Digital Hub)
Wisma Sunway ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in 2018 (Latest recertification in December 2021, valid until January 2025)
ISO 27001: 2013 (Information Security Management System) Achieved in 2016 (Valid until 2025. Via Digital Hub)
Sunway Pinnacle
ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in 2018 (Latest recertification in December 2021, valid until January 2025)
ISO 27001: 2013 (Information Security Management System) Achieved in 2016 (Valid until 2025. Via Digital Hub)
Green Building Index - Certified Renewal Verification Assessment Certificate
Green Mark Gold (Final Certificate)
Retail 
Sunway Pyramid Mall ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in June 2011 (Latest recertification in June 2023, valid until June 2026)
Sunway Carnival Mall
ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in 2012 (Latest recertification in June 2023, valid until June 2026)
Green Mark Gold Plus (Provisional Certificate)
GreenRE Gold (Provisional Certificate)
Sunway Putra Mall ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) Achieved in 2019 (Latest recertification in June 2023, valid until June 2026)
GreenRE Gold (Final Certificate)
Leased Assets 
Hotel 
Sunway Resort Hotel GreenRE Platinum (Final Certificate) 
Sunway Lagoon Hotel Green Building Index - Certified Design Assessment Certificate
Green Mark Gold (Provisional Certificate)

---- Page 79 ----
77
77
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
GRI 2-4
Sunway REIT aligns sustainability performance data with the three pillars of the World Economic Forum’s International Business Council: Principles of Governance, Planet, and People.   
The precision of the data in this section has undergone rigorous review by SIRIM QAS International Sdn Bhd, ensuring its accuracy and reliability.
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
PLANET
Emissions
i. GHG Emissions
Scope 1
Company vehicles
tonnes CO2 0 80.0 52.2 63.1 0.24
tonnes CH4 0 0.12 0.09 0.12 0
tonnes N2O 0 0.30 0.12 0.14 0
tonnes CO2e 0.0 80.4 52.4 63.3 0.24
Company facilities
tonnes CO2 15.9 6.0 4.5 10.9 13.5
tonnes CH4 0 0 0 0 0
tonnes N2O 0.21 0.08 0.06 0.14 0.18
tonnes CO2e 16.1 6.0 4.6 11.1 13.6
Sub-total Scope 1
tonnes CO2 15.9 85.9 56.7 74.0 13.7
tonnes CH4 0 0.12 0.09 0.12 0
tonnes N2O 0.21 0.37 0.18 0.29 0.18
tonnes CO2e 16.1 86.4 57.0 74.3 13.9
Scope 2
Purchased Electricity tonnes CO2e 41,854.5 39,190.1 42,195.4 56,827.4 51,263.5
Sub-total Scope 2 tonnes CO2e 41,854.5 39,190.1 42,195.4 56,827.4 51,263.5
Scope 3
Category 1 Purchased Goods and Services tonnes CO2e 1,265.3 832.4 776.0 1,520.5 1,335.3
Category 2 Capital goods tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Category 3 Fuel- and energy- related activities tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Category 4 Upstream transportation and distribution tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Category 5 Waste generated in operations tonnes CO2e 867.6 3,932.6 3,250.0 5,001.6 5,323.4
Category 6 Business travel
tonnes CO2 158.4 267.0 33.7 278.3 16.2
tonnes CH4 0.2 0.4 0.1 0.6 0.04
tonnes N2O 0.9 0.7 0.2 1.2 0.03
tonnes CO2e 198.2 336.4 42.7 353.0 16.3
Category 7 Employee commuting tonnes CO2e - - - 24.0 16.0
Category 8 Upstream leased assets tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Category 9 Downstream transportation and distribution tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Category 10 Processing of sold products tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A

---- Page 80 ----
78
PLANET
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT
4. The emissions reporting boundary for Scope 1, 2, and 3 is disclosed based on the operation control for Sunway REIT
5. Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions data from 2019 to 2022 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection and recategorisation of Sunway REIT’s GHG inventory
6. CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, encompasses all GHG emitted, including CH4, N2O 
7. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in August 2023. GHG emission data of the property are accounted up to August 2023
8. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Scope 3
Category 11: Use of sold products 
tonnes CO2 734,587.5 491,896.6 414,616.5 614,784.5 694,449.6
tonnes CH4 585.8 379.3 315.1 470.7 531.8
tonnes N2O 373.0 241.4 200.6 299.7 338.6
tonnes CO2e 735,546.3 492,517.3 415,132.2 615,554.9 695,320.0
Category 12 End-of-life treatment of sold products tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Category 13: Downstream leased assets tonnes CO2e 19,255.4 17,306.5 26,782.4 30,276.0 20,803.0
Category 14 Franchises tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Category 15 Investments tonnes CO2e N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Sub-total Scope 3 
tonnes CO2 734,745.9 492,163.6 414,650.1 615,062.8 694,465.8
tonnes CH4 586.1 379.8 315.2 471.3 531.9
tonnes N2O 373.8 242.2 200.7 301 338.6
tonnes CO2e 757,132.9 514,925.1 445,983.2 652,730.0 722,814.0
Overall GHG emission (Scope 1 and 2)
tonnes CO2 15.9 85.9 56.7 74.0 13.7
tonnes CH4 0.002 0.12 0.09 0.12 0.002
tonnes N2O 0.21 0.37 0.18 0.29 0.18
tonnes CO2e 41,870.7 39,276.5 42,252.4 56,901.7 51,677.6
Overall GHG emission (Scope 1, 2 and 3)
tonnes CO2 734,761.9 492,249.5 414,706.8 615,136.8 694,479.5
tonnes CH4 586.1 379.9 315.3 471.4 531.9
tonnes N2O 374.0 242.5 200.9 301.3 338.8
tonnes CO2e 799,003.6 554,201.6 488,235.6 709,631.7 774,091.4

---- Page 81 ----
79
79
PLANET
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Energy 
i. Purchased Electricity
Managed Assets
Office 
Landlord controlled MWh 6,234 12,100 10,009 12,105 13,020
Tenant controlled MWh 5,009 7,855 5,826 8,014 8,291
Total MWh 11,242 19,955 15,835 20,119 21,311
Retail 
Landlord controlled MWh 65,312 54,892 45,658 62,865 54,160
Tenant controlled MWh 61,073 52,821 42,697 57,626 63,723
Total MWh 126,385 107,713 88,355 120,491 117,883
Industrial 
Landlord controlled MWh - - - - 450
Tenant controlled MWh - - - - 185
Total MWh - - - - 635
Total Purchased Electricity Consumption (Managed Assets) MWh 137,627 127,668 104,189 140,610 139,828
Leased Assets
Hotel MWh 40,583 36,245 21,468 32,955 38,957
Services MWh 32,915 29,584 35,333 39,942 27,444
*Retail MWh - - - - -
Total Purchased Electricity Consumption (Leased Assets) MWh 73,498 65,829 56,801 72,897 66,401
Total Purchased Electricity Consumption MWh 211,126 193,497 160,991 213,507 206,230 
ii. Renewable Energy Consumption - Green Electricity Tariff (GET) Subscription 
Managed Assets
Office 
Landlord controlled MWh - - - - 164
Tenant controlled MWh - - - - 0
Total MWh - - - - 164
Retail 
Landlord controlled MWh - - - - 10,513
Tenant controlled MWh - - - - 3,645
Total MWh - - - - 14,158
Industrial 
Landlord controlled MWh - - - - 0
Tenant controlled MWh - - - - 0
Total MWh - - - - 0
Total Renewable Energy Consumption - GET Subscription (Managed Assets) MWh - - - - 14,322
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. *Sunway REIT does not have the visibility of the tenants' data
4. Electricity consumption from 2019 to 2020 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection  
5. Renewable energy is consumed by landlord shared services
6. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in August 2023. Energy data of the property are accounted up to August 2023 
7. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability

---- Page 82 ----
80
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PLANET
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. *Sunway REIT does not have the visibility of the tenants' data
4. Electricity consumption from 2019 to 2020 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection  
5. Renewable energy is consumed by landlord shared services
6. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in August 2023. Energy data of the property are accounted up to August 2023 
7. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Leased Assets
Hotel MWh - - - - 0
Services MWh - - - - 0
*Retail MWh - - - - -
Total Renewable Energy Consumption - GET Subscription (Leased Assets) MWh - - - - 0
Total Renewable Energy Consumption - GET Subscription MWh - - - - 14,322
% of Renewable Energy Purchased via GET Subscription % - - - - 6.37%
iii. Renewable Energy Consumption - Solar Energy
Managed Assets
Office MWh 0 0 0 89 158
Retail MWh 0 533 1,168 1,481 2,098
Industrial MWh 0 0 0 0 0
Total Renewable Energy Consumption - Solar Energy (Managed Assets) MWh 0 533 1,168 1,570 2,256
Leased Assets
Hotel MWh 0 0 0 292 320
Services MWh 336 550 1,071 1,146 1,008
*Retail MWh 0 0 646 667 724
Total Renewable Energy Consumption - Solar Energy (Leased Assets) MWh 336 550 1,717 2,105 2,052
Total Renewable Energy Consumption - Solar Energy MWh 336 1,084 2,886 3,675 4,307
% of Renewable Energy Generated from Solar Panels on Sunway REIT properties % 0.16% 0.56% 1.76% 1.69% 1.92%
iv. Total Electricity Consumption (Purchased Electricity + Renewable Energy)
Managed Assets
Office MWh 11,242 19,955 15,835 20,208 21,632
Retail MWh 126,385 108,246 89,523 121,972 134,139
Industrial MWh - - - - 635
Overall Electricity Consumption (Managed Assets) MWh 137,627 128,201 105,358 142,180 156,406

---- Page 83 ----
81
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. *Sunway REIT does not have the visibility of the tenants' data
4. Electricity consumption from 2019 to 2020 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection  
5. Renewable energy is consumed by landlord shared services
6. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in August 2023. Energy data of the property are accounted up to August 2023 
7. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
PLANET
Leased Assets
Hotel MWh 40,583 36,245 21,468 33,247 39,277
Services MWh 33,251 30,134 36,404 41,088 28,452
*Retail MWh - - 646 667 724
Overall Electricity Consumption (Leased Assets) MWh 73,834 66,379 58,518 75,002 68,453
Overall Electricity Consumption MWh 211,462 194,580 163,876 217,182 224,859
Overall Renewable Energy Consumption MWh 336 1,084 2,886 3,675 18,629
% of Renewable Energy from Overall Electricity Consumption % 0.16% 0.56% 1.76% 1.69% 8.28%
v. Total fuel consumption
Managed Assets
Office
Landlord controlled MWh 46 21 15 21 34
Tenant controlled MWh 0 0 0 0 0
Total MWh 46 21 15 21 34
Retail 
Landlord controlled MWh 21 4 4 25 23
Tenant controlled MWh 3,104,651 2,005,007 1,671,983 2,487,896 2,797,408
Total MWh 3,104,672 2,005,011 1,671,987 2,487,922 2,797,501
Industrial 
Landlord controlled MWh - - - - -
Tenant controlled MWh - - - - -
Total MWh - - - - -
Total Fuel Consumption (Managed Assets) MWh 3,104,718 2,005,032 1,672,002 2,487,943 2,797,535
Leased Assets
Hotel MWh 31,992 28,731 18,709 36,774 54,917
Services MWh - - - - -
*Retail MWh - - - - -
Total Fuel  Consumption (Leased Asset) MWh 31,992 28,731 18,709 36,774 54,917
Total Fuel Consumption MWh 3,136,710 2,033,763 1,690,711 2,524,716 2,852,452
Total Energy Consumption MWh 3,348,171 2,228,343 1,854,587 2,741,899 3,077,311

---- Page 84 ----
82
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PLANET
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. Water consumption in 2020 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection 
4. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in August 2023. Water data of the property are accounted up to August 2023
5. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Water
i. Municipal Water Consumption
Managed Assets
Office m3 98,818 104,162 96,786 66,240 77,223
Retail m³ 1,402,335 1,380,075 477,077 619,313 686,929
Industrial m³ - - - - 22,383
Total usage from Municipal Potable Water (Managed Assets) m³ 1,501,153 1,484,237 573,863 685,553 786,535
Leased Assets
Hotel m³ 779,319 779,945 217,354 346,718 282,206
Services m³ 486,120 458,823 366,446 257,211 196,521
Total usage from Municipal Potable Water (Leased Assets) m³ 1,265,439 1,238,768 583,800 603,929 478,727
Total usage from Municipal Potable Water m³ 2,766,592 2,723,005 1,157,663 1,289,482 1,265,262
ii. Water Treatment Plant
Managed Assets
Office m³ 14,519 0 89,169 150,875 146,249
Retail m³ 23,446 0 587,602 757,819 685,887
Industrial m³ 0 0 0 0 0
Total usage from Water Treatment Plant (Managed Assets) m³ 37,965 0 676,771 908,694 832,136
Leased Assets
Hotel m³ 33,191 0 132,797 318,690 339,078
Services m³ 0 0 73,517 130,691 136,546
Total usage from Water Treatment Plant (Leased Assets) m³ 33,191 0 206,314 449,381 475,624
Total usage from Water Treatment Plant m³ 71,156 0 883,085 1,358,075 1,307,760
% of usage from Water Treatment Plant % 2.51% 0% 43.16% 51.16% 50.72%
iii. Rainwater Harvesting
Managed Assets
Office m³ 0 1,504 4,913 6,356 4,385
Retail m³ 0 0 0 0 0
Industrial m³ 0 0 0 0 0
Total Rainwater Harvested (Managed Assets) m³ 0 1,504 4,913 6,356 4,385

---- Page 85 ----
83
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PLANET
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. Water consumption in 2020 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection 
4. Wastewater from all properties is discharged to a third-party, Indah Water Konsortium. Wastewater are not discharged to surface water, ocean, subsurface or well 
5. IWK does not provide the volume of water discharged into the municipal sewerage system
6. Sunway REIT completed the disposal of Sunway Medical Centre (Tower A & B) in August 2023. Water data of the property are accounted up to August 2023
7. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Leased Assets
Hotel m³ 0 36 255 293 414
Services m³ 0 0 0 467 523
Total Rainwater Harvested (Leased Assets) m³ 0 36 255 760 936
Total Rainwater Harvested m³ 0 1,540 5,168 7,116 5,321
% of Rainwater Harvested % 0% 0.06% 0.25% 0.27% 0.21%
vi. Overall Water Usage (Municipal Water + Water Treatment Plant + Rainwater) 
Managed Assets 
Office m³ 113,337 105,666 190,868 223,471 227,858
Retail m³ 1,425,781 1,380,075 1,064,679 1,377,132 1,372,815
Industrial m³ - - - - 22,383
Overall Water Usage (Managed Assets) m³ 1,539,118 1,485,741 1,255,547 1,600,603 1,623,056
Leased Assets
Hotel m³ 812,510 779,981 350,406 665,701 621,697
Services m³ 486,120 458,823 439,963 388,369 333,589
Overall Water Usage (Leased Assets) m³ 1,298,630 1,238,804 790,369 1,054,070 955,287
Overall Water Usage m³ 2,837,748 2,724,545 2,045,916 2,654,673 2,578,343
Overall Water Usage from alternative sources (Water Treatment Plant + Rainwater) m³ 71,156 1,540 888,253 1,365,191 1,313,081
% of Water Usage from alternative sources % 2.51% 0.06% 43.42% 51.43% 51.03%
v. Wastewater Discharged
Managed Assets 
Office m³ - - - - -
Retail m³ - - - - -
Industrial m³ - - - - -
Overall Water Consumption (Leased Assets) m³ - - - - -
Leased Assets
Hotel m³ - - - - -
Services m³
Overall Water Consumption (Leased Assets) m³ - - - - -
Overall Water Discharge m³ - - - - -

---- Page 86 ----
84
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PLANET
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. Waste data in 2022 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection
4. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Waste
i. Disposed Waste
Managed Assets
Office tonnes 513 382 879 542 477
Retail tonnes 6,059 5,782 4,780 8,108 7,791
Total Disposed Waste (Managed Assets) tonnes 6,572 6,164 5,659 8,650 8,268
Leased Assets
Hotel tonnes 2,032 2,401 1,412 2,042 1,932
Total Disposed Waste (Leased Assets) tonnes 2,032 2,401 1,412 2,042 1,932
Total Disposed Waste tonnes 8,604 8,565 7,071 10,692 10,199
Disposed waste % 94.74% 95.36% 95.18% 96.03% 91.92%
ii. Diverted Waste
Managed Assets
Office tonnes 15 17 16 28 40
Retail tonnes 308 345 232 349 723
Total Diverted Waste (Managed Assets) tonnes 323 362 248 377 763
Leased Assets
Hotel tonnes 155 55 110 65 134
Total Diverted Waste (Leased Assets) tonnes 155 55 110 65 134
Total Diverted Waste tonnes 478 417 358 442 897
Diverted waste % 5.26% 4.64% 4.82% 3.97% 8.08%
iii. Total Waste (Disposed waste + Diverted waste) 
Managed Assets
Office tonnes 528 399 895 507 517
Retail tonnes 6,367 6,127 5,012 8,457 8,514
Total Waste Produced (Managed Assets) tonnes 6,895 6,526 5,907 9,027 9,031
Leased Assets
Hotel tonnes 2,187 2,456 1,522 2,107 2,065
Total Waste Produced (Leased Assets) tonnes 2,187 2,456 1,522 2,107 2,065
Total Waste Produced tonnes 9,082 8,982 7,429 11,134 11,096
Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023

---- Page 87 ----
85
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE
A. Board Members
Total Board Members 7 7 7 7 7
i. Board Diversity
Gender
Male 4 57% 4 57% 4 57% 4 57% 4 57%
Female 3 43% 3 43% 3 43% 3 43% 3 43%
TOTAL 7 100% 7 100% 7 100% 7 100% 7 100%
Age Group
Below 40 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Between 40-50 years old 1 14% 1 14% 1 14% 1 14% 2 29%
More than 50 years old 6 86% 6 86% 6 86% 6 86% 5 71%
TOTAL 7 100% 7 100% 7 100% 7 100% 7 100%
Ethnicity
Malay 2 29% 2 18% 2 18% 2 29% 2 29%
Chinese 4 57% 4 36% 4 36% 4 57% 4 57%
Others 1 14% 1 9% 1 9% 1 14% 1 14%
TOTAL 7 100% 7 64% 7 64% 7 100% 7 100%
B. Employees
i. Employee Count
Total employees 22 22 22 21 23
ii. Employee Retention 
Total employees 18 82% 18 82% 17 77% 14 67% 17 74%
iii. Employee Diversity
Gender
Executive Male 4 18% 4 15% 5 23% 6 29% 3 13%
Female 17 77% 17 63% 16 73% 13 62% 18 78%
Non-executive Male 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 1 5% 1 4% 1 5% 2 10% 2 9%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 81% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. Waste data in 2022 are restated, reflecting enhancements in data collection
4. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability

---- Page 88 ----
86
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' refers to data is not available
3. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Age Group
Executive 
Below 30 years old 1 5% 2 9% 6 27% 5 24% 6 26%
Between 30 to 40 years old 11 50% 11 50% 11 50% 7 33% 9 39%
Between 40 to 50 years old 6 27% 6 27% 3 14% 5 24% 5 22%
More than 50 years old 3 14% 2 9% 1 5% 2 10% 1 4%
Non-executive
Below 30 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Between 30 to 40 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 5% 1 4%
Between 40 to 50 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
More than 50 years old 1 5% 1 5% 1 5% 1 5% 1 4%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 100% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Ethnicity
Executive 
Malay 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 5% 2 9%
Chinese 21 95% 21 78% 21 95% 17 81% 18 78%
Indian 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 5% 1 4%
Other races 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Foreigner 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Non-executive 
Malay 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Chinese 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 5% 1 4%
Indian 1 5% 1 4% 1 5% 1 5% 1 4%
Other races 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Foreigner 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 81% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Women / Minority Groups
Women in workforce 18 82% 18 82% 17 77% 15 71% 20 87%
Share of women in senior management 3 14% 3 14% 2 9% 2 10% 2 67%
Share of women in executive management 3 14% 3 14% 3 14% 3 14% 6 46%
Share of  women in junior management positions - 67% - 83% - 57% - 50% 7 88%
Share of women in STEM positions - 0% - 0% - 0% - 0% 5 100%
Total number of ethnic minority employees 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Percentage of global staff with a disability 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Proportion of senior management hired from local community 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %

---- Page 89 ----
87
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' refers to data is not available
3. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
iv. Employment Status
Gender
Permanent Male 3 14% 3 14% 4 18% 5 24% 3 13%
Female 17 77% 17 77% 17 77% 15 71% 19 83%
Contract Male 1 5% 1 5% 1 5% 1 5% 0 0%
Female 1 5% 1 5% 0 0% 0 0% 1 4%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 100% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Part-time /
Non-guaranteed 
hours
Male 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
TOTAL 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Full-time Male 4 18% 4 18% 5 23% 6 29% 3 13%
Female 18 82% 18 82% 17 77% 15 71% 20 87%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 100% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Region
Permanent Domestic 20 91% 20 91% 21 95% 20 95% 22 96%
Overseas 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Contract Domestic 2 9% 2 9% 1 5% 1 5% 1 4%
Overseas 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Part-time Domestic 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Overseas 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 100% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Part-time/
Non-guaranteed 
hours
Domestic 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Overseas 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 100% 0 0%
TOTAL 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Full-time Domestic 22 100% 22 100% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Overseas 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 100% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %

---- Page 90 ----
88
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' refers to data is not available
3. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
PEOPLE
v. New Hires
Total new hires 4 1 7 6 8
Gender
Male 1 25% 0 0% 1 14% 3 50% 1 13%
Female 3 75% 1 100% 6 86% 3 50% 7 88%
TOTAL 4 100% 1 100% 7 100% 6 100% 8 100%
Age Group
Below 30 years old 2 50% 1 100% 3 43% 2 33% 4 50%
Between 30 to 40 years old 1 25% 0 0% 3 43% 2 33% 3 38%
Between 40 to 50 years old 1 25% 0 0% 1 14% 1 17% 0 0%
More than 50 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 17% 1 13%
TOTAL 4 100% 1 100% 7 100% 6 100% 8 100%
Ethnicity
Malay 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 17% 2 25%
Chinese 4 100% 0 0% 7 100% 4 67% 5 63%
Indian 0 0% 1 100% 0 0% 1 17% 1 13%
TOTAL 4 100% 1 100% 7 100% 6 100% 8 100%
Employee Category
EG 9 and above (Senior Management) 0 0% 0 0% 1 14% 2 29% 0 0%
EG 5 - 8 (Manager & Senior Manager) 2 50% 0 0% 3 43% 0 0% 4 50%
EG 3 - 4 (Senior Executive & Assistant Manager) 1 25% 0 0% 1 14% 1 14% 2 25%
EG 1 - 2 (Executive) 1 25% 1 100% 2 29% 3 43% 1 13%
Non-Executive 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 14% 1 13%
TOTAL 4 100% 1 100% 7 100% 7 100% 8 100%
Region
Domestic Male 1 25% 0 0% 1 14% 3 50% 1 13%
Female 3 75% 1 100% 6 86% 3 50% 7 88%
Overseas Male 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
TOTAL 4 100% 1 100% 7 100% 6 100% 8 100%
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %

---- Page 91 ----
89
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. ‘-’ refers to data is not available
3. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Region
Domestic
Below 30 years old 2 50% 1 20% 3 43% 2 33% 4 50%
Between 30 to 40 years old 1 25% 3 60% 3 43% 2 33% 3 38%
Between 40 to 50 years old 1 25% 1 20% 1 14% 1 17% 0 0%
More than 50 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 17% 1 13%
Overseas
Below 30 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Between 30 to 40 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Between 40 to 50 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
More than 50 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
TOTAL 4 100% 5 100% 7 100% 6 100% 8 100%
vi. Employee Attrition 
Total employees 4 18% 4 18% 5 23% 7 33% 6 26%
Gender
Male 2 50% 0 0% 0 0% 2 29% 4 67%
Female 2 50% 4 100% 5 100% 5 71% 2 33%
TOTAL 4 100% 4 100% 5 100% 7 100% 6 100%
Age Group
Below 30 years old 1 25% 2 50% 1 20% 2 29% 2 33%
Between 30 to 40 years old 1 25% 2 50% 2 40% 4 57% 2 33%
Between 40 to 50 years old 2 50% 0 0% 2 40% 0 0% 0 0%
More than 50 years old 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 14% 2 33%
TOTAL 4 100% 4 100% 5 100% 7 100% 6 100%
Ethnicity
Malay 1 25% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 17%
Chinese 3 75% 3 75% 5 100% 7 100% 4 67%
Indian 0 0% 1 25% 0 0% 0 0% 1 17%
TOTAL 4 100% 4 100% 5 100% 7 100% 6 100%
Employee Category
EG 9 and above (Senior Management) 0 0% 0 0% 2 40% 1 14% 1 17%
EG 5 - 8 (Manager & Senior Manager) 2 50% 0 0% 1 20% 2 29% 2 33%
EG 3 - 4 (Senior Executive & Assistant Manager) 0 0% 1 25% 1 20% 1 14% 1 17%
EG 1 - 2 (Executive) 2 50% 3 75% 1 20% 3 43% 1 17%
Non-Executive 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 1 17%
TOTAL 4 100% 4 100% 5 100% 7 100% 6 100%
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %

---- Page 92 ----
90
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' refers to data is not available
3. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
vii. Years of Service
Average years employed by the company for female employees 6.3 - 5.6 - 3.3 - 6.9 - 4.4 -
Average years employed by the company for male employees 5.7 - 5.7 - 4.8 - 6.3 - 4.7 -
Executive 
Less than 1 year 0 0% 0 0% 8 36% 3 14% 4 17%
Between 1 to 5 years 9 41% 11 50% 8 36% 7 33% 8 35%
Between 5 to 10 years 11 50% 9 41% 4 18% 4 19% 5 22%
Between 10 to 15 years 1 5% 1 5% 1 5% 2 10% 1 4%
Between 15 to 20 years 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 3 14% 3 13%
More than 20 years 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Non-executive 
Less than 1 year 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 5% 1 4%
Between 1 to 5 years 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 4%
Between 5 to 10 years 1 5% 1 5% 1 5% 0 0% 0 0%
Between 10 to 15 years 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Between 15 to 20 years 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
More than 20 years 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 1 5% 0 0%
TOTAL 22 100% 22 100% 22 100% 21 100% 23 100%

---- Page 93 ----
91
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals.
2. '-' refers to data is not available.
3. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability.
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
C. Learning and Development Hours
Total learning and development hours 101 410 1,402 625 815
Average training and development hours per employee 7 27 93 30 35
i. Average training hours
Gender
Male 5 29 55 35 44
Female 7 27 107 28 34
Employee Category
EG 9 and above (Senior Management) 2 32 19 24 28
EG 5 - 8 (Manager & Senior Manager) 7 34 88 26 44
EG 3 - 4 (Senior Executive & Assistant Manager) 6 30 151 33 34
EG 1 - 2 (Executive) 8 14 111 55 42
D. Learning and Development Expenditure (RM) 
Total Expenditure 764 7,831 3,730 15,616 41,680
Average amount spent per employee on training and development 51 522 249 744 1,812
i. Average amount spent per employee (RM) 
Gender
Male 0 1,099 100 408 1,465
Female 69 312 303 878 1,864
Age Group 
Below 30 years old 64 58 0 980 1,053
Between 30 to 40 years old 127 656 50 864 2,554
Between 40 to 50 years old 0 829 758 952 1,826
More than 50 years old 0 0 400 0 345
Ethnicity
Malay 0 0 0 0 1,633
Chinese 51 522 249 771 2,022
Indian 0 0 0 200 0
Other Races 0 0 0 0 0

---- Page 94 ----
92
Employee Category
EG 9 and above (Senior Management) 0 1,105 167 167 1,627
EG 5 - 8 (Manager & Senior Manager) 25 787 306 1,058 2,532
EG 3 - 4 (Senior Executive & Assistant Manager) 0 0 33 940 1,483
EG 1 - 2 (Executive) 159 145 0 1,275 1,287
E. Family-friendly Leave
Parental / childcare 
leave
Number of parental / childcare leave applications 8 8 8 10 12
Number of days applied for parental / childcare leave 13 8 8 15 13
Maternity leave Number of maternity leave applications 3 2 0 1 0
Number of days applied for maternity leave 180 120 0 60 0
Paternity leave Number of paternity leave applications 0 0 4 0 0
Number of days applied for paternity leave 0 0 6 0 0
F. Performance Review
i. Completion of Performance Review 
Gender
Male 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Female 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
ii. Completion of Performance Review
Employee Category
EG 9 and above (Senior Management) 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
EG 5 - 8 (Manager & Senior Manager) 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
EG 3 - 4 (Senior Executive & Assistant Manager) 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
EG 1 - 2 (Executive) 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals.
2. '-' refers to data is not available.
3. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability.
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE

---- Page 95 ----
93
Indicator FY2019 FY2020 CY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Number Rate Number Rate Number Rate Number Rate Number Rate
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' refers to data is not available
3. The rates are calculated based on 1,000,000 hours worked
4. Employees and workers are specific to Sunway REIT's business segments
5. Non-employees exclude part-timers and interns since they are hired on an ad-hoc basis
6. Main types of work-related injury include slips, trips and missteps
7. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
G. Safety and Health 
i. Work-related Injuries 
Employees
Total hours worked - - 1,728,088 4,644,338 2,816,526 - 3,731,290
Fatalities - - 0 0 0 0
High-consequence work-related injuries - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lost time injury - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 9 0.48
Lost time injury frequency rate - - - 2.41
Recordable work-related injuries - - 6 3.47 8 1.72 2 0.71 9 2.41
Non-Employees
Total hours worked - - 954,796 1,822,801 511,186 1,977,974
Fatalities - - 0 0 0 0
High-consequence work-related injuries - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lost time injury - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lost time injury frequency rate - - - - - 0
Recordable work-related injuries - - 0 0 0 0 4 7.82 0 0
ii. Work-related III Health 
Employees
Number of fatalities - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Number of recordable work-related injuries - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Non-Employees
Number of fatalities - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Number of recordable work-related injuries - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PEOPLE

---- Page 96 ----
94
Common Indicators Unit of 
measurement FY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Notes:
1. Figures stated may not add up to rounding of decimals
2. '-' indicates the data is not available
3. * refers to Retail and Office properties which are operational sites managed by Sunway REIT
4. Energy management includes electricity and fuel consumption 
5. The data and information provided have been prepared to the best of our ability in ensuring completeness, accuracy and reliability
BURSA MALAYSIA'S ENHANCED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REQUIREMENTS
1. Anti-corruption 
C1(a)
Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Executive % 95.5 90.5 91.3
Non-executive % 4.5 9.5 8.7
C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks % 100 100 100
C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 0 0 0
2. Community / Society
C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer RM 1,100,000 780,000 1,600,000
C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 316,058 6,638 120,408 
3. Diversity 
C3(a)
Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Gender - Executive Male % 23% 29% 13%
Female % 73% 62% 78%
Gender - Non-executive Male % 0% 0% 0%
Female % 5% 10% 9%
Age - Executive 
Below 30 years old % 27% 24% 26%
Between 30 to 40 years old % 50% 33% 39%
Between 40 to 50 years old % 14% 24% 22%
More than 50 years old % 5% 10% 4%
Age - Non-executive
Below 30 years old % 0% 0% 0%
Between 30 to 40 years old % 0% 5% 4%
Between 40 to 50 years old % 0% 0% 0%
More than 50 years old % 5% 5% 4%
C3(b)
Percentage of directors by gender and age group:
Gender Male % 57% 57% 57%
Female % 43% 43% 43%
Age Group
Below 40 years old % 0% 0% 0%
Between 40-50 years old % 14% 14% 29%
More than 50 years old % 86% 86% 71%
4. Energy management 
C4(a) Total energy consumption MWh 1,854,587 2,741,899 3,077,311
5. Health and safety
C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0 0
C5(b) Lost time incident rate Rate 0 0 0.48
C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 370 1,113 903

---- Page 97 ----
95
Common Indicators Unit of 
measurement FY2021 FY2022 FY2023
6. Labour practices and standards
C6(a)
Total hours of training by employee category:
Employee category 
EG 9 and above (Senior Management) Hours - 80 83
EG 5 - 8 (Manager & Senior Manager) Hours - 208 443
EG 3 - 4 (Senior Executive & Assistant Manager) Hours - 133 205
EG 1 - 2 (Executive) Hours - 109 84
C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff % - 5 4
C6(c)
Total number of employee turnover by employee category:
Employee category 
EG 9 and above (Senior Management) Number 2 1 1
EG 5 - 8 (Manager & Senior Manager) Number 1 2 2
EG 3 - 4 (Senior Executive & Assistant Manager) Number 1 1 1
EG 1 - 2 (Executive) Number 1 3 1
Non-executive Number 0 0 1
C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0 0
7. Supply chain management 
C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers % 100 100 100
8. Data privacy and security 
C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0 0
9. Water 
C9(a) Total volume of water used m3 2,045,916 2,654,673 2,578,343
10. Waste management 
C10(a) 
Total waste generated, and a breakdown of the following: 
(i) total waste diverted from disposal tonnes 358 442 897
(ii) total waste directed to disposal 7,071 10,692 10,199
11. Emission management 
C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e tonnes CO2e 57 74 14
C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e tonnes CO2e 42,195 56,827 51,264
C11(c)
Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e:
Category 1: Purchased Goods & Services tonnes CO2e 776 1,520 1,335
Category 5: Waste generated in operations tonnes CO2e 3,250 5,002 5,323
Category 6: Business travel tonnes CO2e 43 353 16
Category 7: Employee commuting tonnes CO2e - 24 16
Category 11: Use of sold products tonnes CO2e 415,132 615,555 695,320
Category 13: Downstream leased assets tonnes CO2e 26,782 30,276 20,803
Sector-specific Indicators
Sector-specific Sustainability Matter 6: Supply chain (environmental) / Supplier environmental assessment
S6(a) Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria % 100 80 99
S6(b) Number of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts Number - - 456
*S6(c) Percentage of the company’s total property portfolio certified to a recognised building management standard for property % 100 100 100
BURSA MALAYSIA'S ENHANCED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REQUIREMENTS

---- Page 98 ----
96
ESG Pillar GRI Standard Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Title Bursa Malaysia F4GBM ESG 
Themes UNSDG SASB UNGC Page reference and reasons for 
omissions, if applicable
GRI CONTENT INDEX
This Report  has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. 
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021
The organisation and its reporting practices
2-1 Organisational details
- - - - -
2, 7
2-2 Entities included in the organisation’s sustainability 
reporting 7
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 1
2-4 Restatements of information 39-43, 47, 76-95
2-5 External assurance 1, 104-105
Activities and workers
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships
Labour Practices & 
Standards Labour Standards 5, 8, 10 - Principle 6
2-3, 49
2-7 Employees 57, 62, 85-93
2-8 Workers who are not employees 66, 93
Governance
2-9 Governance structure and composition
- Corporate 
Governance 5, 10, 16 - -
7
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance 
body Refer to IAR 2023
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Refer to IAR 2023
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 
management of impacts 7
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 7
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability 
reporting 7
2-15 Conflicts of interest Refer to IAR 2023
2-16 Communication of critical concerns 49, 57
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 7
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance 
body 7
2-19 Remuneration policies 59
2-20 Process to determine remuneration Not disclosed due to confidentiality 
constraints
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Not disclosed due to confidentiality 
constraints
Notes:
1. *Sector Specific Matters for REIT's, Property and Industrial Products and Services sector
2. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT

---- Page 99 ----
97
GRI  CONTENT INDEX
ESG Pillar GRI Standard Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Title Bursa Malaysia F4GBM ESG 
Themes UNSDG SASB UNGC Page reference and reasons for 
omissions, if applicable
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021
Strategy, policies and practices
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy
Anti-Corruption
Anti-Corruption 
 
Human Rights & 
Community 
 
Risk Management
16, 17 - Principle    
1, 2, 10
4-6, 22-23
2-23 Policy commitments 71
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 71
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 57, 71
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 57
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 71-72
2-28 Membership associations 75
Stakeholder engagement
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Labour Practices & 
Standards Labour Standards 16, 17 - Principle 3 11-20
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 8, 10 - 57
MATERIAL TOPICS
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics - - - - - 8
3-2 List of material topics 9-10
Company’s economic performance
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 11
GRI 201: Economic 
Performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed
- - 1, 3, 5, 8, 9, 
10, 17 - -
Refer to IAR 2023
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 
due to climate change 33
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement 
plans N/A
201-4 Financial assistance received from government N/A
Macroeconomic issues
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 11
Notes:
1. *Sector Specific Matters for REIT's, Property and Industrial Products and Services sector
2. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT

---- Page 100 ----
98
ESG Pillar GRI Standard Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Title Bursa Malaysia F4GBM ESG 
Themes UNSDG SASB UNGC Page reference and reasons for 
omissions, if applicable
GRI  CONTENT INDEX
Macroeconomic issues
GRI 202: Market 
Presence 2016
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared 
to local minimum wage
- - 1, 3, 8, 9, 
10, 17 -
Principle 6 Not disclosed due to confidentiality 
constraints
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local 
community - 61
GRI 203: Indirect 
Economic Impacts 
2016
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported - 2, 37-38, 67
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts - Refer to IAR 2023
Responsible and sustainable financing
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 11, 24-25
Build, own, operate business model and capital allocation strategy
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 11
Brand and reputation
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 11
Climate action
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 14, 27, 29, 31-34, 39
GRI 302: Energy 
2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation
Energy Management Climate Change 7, 12, 13
IF-RE-
130a.2 
IF-RE-
130a.3
Principle    
7, 8, 9
39-41, 79-81
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation - 39-41, 79-81
302-3 Energy intensity - 41
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption IF-RE-
130a.5 41
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and 
services - 41
GRI 305: Emissions 
2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
Emissions Management 
 
Emissions - Air Quality /
Pollution
Climate Change 
 
Pollution & 
Resources
3, 7, 12, 
13, 14 - Principle    
7, 8, 9
35-36, 77-78
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 35-36, 77-78
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 35-36, 77-78
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 35-36, 77-78
305-5 Reduction of GHG emission 35-36, 77-78
ENVIRONMENTAL
Notes:
1. *Sector Specific Matters for REIT's, Property and Industrial Products and Services sector
2. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT

---- Page 101 ----
99
GRI  CONTENT INDEX
ESG Pillar GRI Standard Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Title Bursa Malaysia F4GBM ESG 
Themes UNSDG SASB UNGC Page reference and reasons for 
omissions, if applicable
Climate action
GRI 305: Emissions 
2016
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) Emissions Management 
 
Emissions - Air Quality/
Pollution
Climate Change 
 
Pollution & 
Resources
3, 7, 12, 
13, 14 - Principle    
7, 8, 9 77, 78305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides (SOX), and other 
significant air emissions
Protection of biodiversity and ecology
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 14, 37
GRI 304: Biodiversity 
2016
304-1
Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 
adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 
biodiversity value outside protected areas
- Biodiversity 13, 14, 15 - Principle    
7, 8, 9
37-38
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on 
biodiversity 37-38
304-3 Habitats protected or restored 
N/A304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list 
species with habitats in areas affected by operations
Pollution management 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 15, 39, 44
GRI 303: Water and 
Effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource
Water 
 
Waste Management
Pollution & 
Resources 
 
Water Security
6, 12, 14
IF-RE-
140a.4
Principle    
7, 8, 9
42-43
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts - 43, 47, 82
303-3 Water withdrawal - 42-43
303-4 Wastewater discharge - 43, 47, 82
303-5 Water consumption
IF-RE-
140a.2 
IF-RE-
140a.3
42-43
GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts
12, 13, 15
- 44-47
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts - 44-47
306-3 Waste generated - 44-47, 84
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal - 44-47, 84
306-5 Waste diverted to disposal - 44-47, 84
Notes:
1. *Sector Specific Matters for REIT's, Property and Industrial Products and Services sector
2. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT
ENVIRONMENTAL

---- Page 102 ----
100
GRI  CONTENT INDEX
ESG Pillar GRI Standard Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Title Bursa Malaysia F4GBM ESG 
Themes UNSDG SASB UNGC Page reference and reasons for 
omissions, if applicable
Notes:
1. *Sector Specific Matters for REIT's, Property and Industrial Products and Services sector
2. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT
Employee well-being
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 17, 57, 63
GRI 403: 
Occupational Health 
and Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system
Health & Safety Health & Safety 3, 8 - -
64
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 
investigation 64-65
403-3 Occupational health services 64-65
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication 
on occupational health and safety 63-64
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 64
403-6 Promotion of worker health 64-65
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 
safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 64-65
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 
management system  64
403-9 Work-related injuries 65, 93
403-10 Work-related ill health 65, 93
GRI 404: Training 
and Education 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee
Labour Practices & 
Standards Labour Standards 4, 5, 8, 10 - -
60, 91
404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programmes 59-61
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 
and career development reviews 60, 91
Human rights
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - -  17, 57
GRI 401: 
Employment 2016
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover
Labour Practices & 
Standards Labour Standards 3, 5, 8, 10 - -
62, 87-88
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-time employees 58
401-3 Parental leave 58, 92
GRI 402: Labour/ 
Management 
Relations 2016
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes 57
GRI 405: Diversity 
and Equal 
Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Labour Practices & 
Standards 
 
Diversity
Labour Standards 
 
Corporate 
Governance
5, 8, 10, 16 - Principle 
3, 6
61-62, 85-90
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 61-62, 90
GRI 406: Non-
discrimination 2016 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 61
SOCIAL

---- Page 103 ----
101
GRI  CONTENT INDEX
Notes:
1. *Sector Specific Matters for REIT's, Property and Industrial Products and Services sector
2. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT
ESG Pillar GRI Standard Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Title Bursa Malaysia F4GBM ESG 
Themes UNSDG SASB UNGC Page reference and reasons for 
omissions, if applicable
Human rights
GRI 407: Freedom 
of Association and 
Collective Bargaining 
2016
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom 
of association and collective bargaining may be at risk
Community / Society Human Rights & 
Community 8, 10, 16 - Principle 1, 
2, 3, 4, 5, 6
57
GRI 408: Child 
Labour 2016 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 
of child labour 49, 57
GRI 409: Forced or 
Compulsory Labour 
2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 
of forced or compulsory labour 57
GRI 410: Security 
Practices 2016 410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or 
procedures 57
GRI 411: Rights of 
Indigenous Peoples  
2016
411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous 
peoples 57
GRI 416: Customer 
Health and Safety 
2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 
and service categories Health & Safety Health & Safety 3, 8 - - N/A
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 
safety impacts of products and services
Community investment
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 17, 67-69
GRI 413: Local 
Communities 2016
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 
assessments, and development programmes Community / Society Human Rights & 
Community 1, 3, 11, 17 - -
67-69
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative 
impacts on local communities 67-69
Value chain improvement
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 16, 49
GRI 204: 
Procurement 
Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Supply Chain 
Management 
 
Materials 
 
*Supply Chain 
(Environmental) / 
Supplier Environmental 
Assessment
 Supply Chain 
(Environmental) 
 
Supply Chain (Social)
8, 11, 12, 
13, 15, 16 - Principle    
7, 8, 9
49
GRI 301: Materials 
2016
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume N/A
301-2 Recycled input materials used 50-51
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 50-51
GRI 308: Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental 
criteria 49
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and 
actions taken 49
SOCIAL

---- Page 104 ----
102
ESG Pillar GRI Standard Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Title Bursa Malaysia F4GBM ESG 
Themes UNSDG SASB UNGC Page reference and reasons for 
omissions, if applicable
Value chain improvement
GRI 414: Supplier 
Social Assessment 
2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria
Supply Chain 
Management 
 
Data Privacy and Security
Supply Chain (Social) 8, 10, 11, 
12, 16 - Principle    
7, 8, 9 
49
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions 
taken 49
GRI 417: Marketing 
and Labelling 2016
417-1 Requirements for product and service information and 
labelling 
Risk Management 12, 16 - -
Not applicable to Sunway REIT 
operations.
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and 
service information and labelling N/A
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 
communications N/A
GRI 418: Customer 
Privacy 2016 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and losses of customer data - 16 - - 73
Group standards and operating procedures 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 18, 71
GRI 205: Anti-
Corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 
Anti-Corruption Anti-Corruption 16 - Principle 10
71
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 
policies and procedures 71
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 71
GRI 206: Anti-
Competitive 
Behaviour 2016
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, 
and monopoly practices (Business code of conduct) 71
GRI 415: Public 
Policy 2016 415-1 Political Contributions Anti-Corruption Anti-Corruption 16 - Principle 10 Refer to Donation, Sponsorship & 
Corporate Responsibility Policy
Innovation and technology
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics - - - - - 19
Notes:
1. *Sector Specific Matters for REIT's, Property and Industrial Products and Services sector
2. N/A denotes that the category is not applicable to Sunway REIT
SOCIALGOVERNANCE

---- Page 105 ----
103
GLOSSARY
ABC Anti-Bribery & Corruption
AHE Association of Hotel Employers
AML Anti-Money Laundering
APREA Asia Pacific Real Assets
ASD Autism Spectrum Disorder
BEI Building Energy Intensity
CCS Cross Currency Swap
CDP Carbon Disclosure Project
CEO Chief Executive Officer
CIO Chief Information Officer
CMIP 6 Coupled Model Intercomparison Project Phase 6
CO Carbon Monoxide
CO2 Carbon Dioxide
CO2e Carbon Dioxide Equivalent
COID Conflict of Interest Declaration
CPI Corruption Perceptions Index
CSA Corporate Sustainability Assessment
CSR Corporate Social Responsibility
DEFRA Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
DOSH Department of Occupational Safety and Health
EAP Employee Assistance Programme
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
EV Electric Vehicle
ExCeL Excellence in My Career and Leadership
F&B Food & Beverages
FMA Factories and Machineries Act
FSC Forest Stewardship Council
FTSE Financial Times Stock Exchange
FY Fiscal Year
GBI Green Building Index
GHG Greenhouse Gases
GIT Group Information Technology
GreenRE Green Real Estate
GRESB Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
HCWRIs High Consequence Work-related Injuries
HR Human Resources
HSBC Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
HTAR Hospital Tengku Ampuan Rahimah
IAQ Indoor Air Quality
ICMA International Capital Markets Association
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards
IIRC International Integrated Reporting Council
ILO International Labour organisation
IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
ISMS Information Security Management System
ISO International Organisation for Standardisation
ISSB International Sustainability Standards Board
IWK Indah Water Konsortium
JAS Jabatan Alam Sekitar
JBPM Fire & Rescue Department of Malaysia
JKNS Jabatan Kesihatan Negeri Selangor
JSC Jeffrey Sachs Center on Sustainable Development
KPI Key Performance Indicator
LDC Leadership Development Centre
LED Light-Emitting Diode
LPG Liquefied Petroleum Gas
LTI Lost Time Injury
M-REIT Malaysian Real Estate Investment Trust
MARC Malaysian Ratings Corporation
MCCG Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance
MGTC Malaysian Green Technology and Climate Change Centre
MMLR Main Market Listing Requirements
MNCs Multinational Corporations
MoU Memorandum of Understanding
MRA Malaysian Retail Association
MRCA Malaysia Retail Chain Association
MSCI Morgan Stanley Capital International
MSOSH Malaysian Society for Occupational Safety and Health
MWh MegaWatt Hour
MyRER Malaysia Renewable Energy Roadmap
NASOM National Autism Society of Malaysia
NDAs Non-Disclosure Agreements
NGOs Non-Governmental Organisations
NO2 Nitrogen Dioxide
OHS Occupational Health and Safety
OHS-C OHS Coordinators
OHSE Occupational Health, Safety and Environment
OHSEMS Occupational Health, Safety and Environment Management System
OHSMS Occupational Health and Safety Management System
OSHA Occupational Safety and Health Act
OTTV Overall Thermal Transfer Value
PACA Preventive and Corrective Actions
PATA Pacific Asia Travel Association
PDCA Plan-Do-Check-Act
PDPA Personal Data Protection Act
PEFC/FSC Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification/Forest 
Stewardship Council
PIKOM National Tech Association of Malaysia
QAS Quality Assurance Services
RCP Representative Concentration Pathway
RE Renewable Energy
REIT Real Estate Investment Trust
ReX Retail Extended Learning
S&P Standard & Poor’s
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SCAN Sustainability Collaboration Alliances Network
SCKL Sunway City Kuala Lumpur
SDG Sustainable Development Goals
SEG Sunway Education Group
SIRIM Standard and Industrial Research Institute of Malaysia
SLB Sustainability-Linked Bond
SLR Sea Level Rise
SMEs Small and Medium-sized Enterprises
SMK Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan
SOP Standard Operating Procedure
SPTs Sustainability Performance Targets
SRI Sustainable and Responsible Investment
SSP5 Shared Socioeconomic Pathway 5
SUB SUNREIT Unrated Bond
SWG Sustainability Working Group
TCFD Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
UCO Used Cooking Oil
UN SDSN United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network
UNSDGs UN Sustainable Development Goals
UNGC UN Global Compact
UOB United Overseas Bank
VaR Value-at-Risk
VOC Volatile Organic Compounds
VRF Value Reporting Foundation 
WASH Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene
WBCSD World Business Council for Sustainable Development
WEF-IBC World Economic Forum International Business Council
WRI World Resources Institute

---- Page 106 ----
104
ASSURANCE STATEMENTS
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
GRI 2-5
  
 
 
 
 
To Board of Directors, Stakeholders, and Interested Parties, 
 
 
SIRIM QAS Intern ational Sdn. Bhd.  was engaged by  Sunway REIT Management Sdn Bhd (hereafter 
referred to as Sunway REIT)  to perform an independent verification an d provide assurance of the Sunway 
REIT Sustainability Report 2023. The main obj ective of the verification process is to provide assurance to 
Sunway REIT and its stakeholder s on the accuracy and reliability of the information as presented in this 
statement. The verification by SIRIM QAS I nternational applied to  specific sustainability performance 
information (subject matter) within the assurance scope which is included in Sunway REIT Sustainability 
Report 2023.   
 
The management of Sunway REIT was responsible for the prepa ration of the Sustainability Report.  T he 
objectivity and impartiality of this statement is assured as no member of the verification team and no other 
employee of SIRIM QAS Inter national was involved in the preparation of any part of the Sunway REIT 
Sustainability Report and Integrated Report 2023.   
 
The a ssurance engagement was designed to provide limited assurance in accordance with International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews 
of Historical Financial Inf ormation, and Bursa Sustainability Reporting Guide, irrespective of the 
organization’s ability to achieve its objectives, targets or expectations on their subject matter  and 
sustainability-related issues. The assurance activity evaluates the adequacy of Sunway REIT Sustainability 
Report and its overall presentation against respective framework su ch as  UN-SDGs, GRI Standards 
requirement, TCFD, CDP and other re levant frameworks. The assurance process involves verification of 
the following subject matter. Details provided in Appendix 1 of this statement. 
 
The verification was carried out by SIRIM QAS International between January and February 2024, with the 
following methodologies: 
 
• Reviewing and verifying the traceability, consistency and accuracy of information collected from 
various sources; internal and external documentation which are made available during the conduct 
of assessment. 
• Verification of data presented in the Sustainability Report includes a detailed review of the sampled 
data. 
• Interviewing key personnel responsible for collating information and writing various parts of the 
report to substantiate the veracity of the claims. 
 
 
SIRIM QAS INTERNATIONAL SDN BHD 
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
Enhancement in 2023 
 
Sunway REIT has made significant strides in elevating its sustainability reporting practices. Notably, they 
restated their 2019 -2022 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data to reflect the revision in national default 
value for the grid emission factor, meticulous data collection and recategorization of emissions in relation to 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and standardized tools. Furthermore, they revised their material issues to 
ensure integrated financial and non -financial disclosures, now encompassing broader economic concerns. 
Their commitment to rigorous control extends to involving the internal audit team in reviewing key 
sustainability matters, reinforcing transparency and accountability. This was achieved through the 
involvement of the internal audit team in providing assurance reviews on all common sustainability matters 
and accompanying indicators mandated for disclosure by Bursa. 
 
The verification process was subjected to the following limitations: 
 
• The scop e of w ork did not invo lve ver ification of other information repo rted in Sunway REIT’s 
Integrated Report 2023. 
• The corporate office of Sunway REIT at Menara Sunway, Sunway City KL was visited as part of this 
assurance engagement.  The v erification process  did not include phy sical i nspections of any of  
Sunway REIT’s managed leased and leased assets. And, 
• The verification team did not verify any contractor or third-party data. 
 
Conclusion 
SIRIM QAS International, a Conformity Assessment Body in Malaysia, is accredited to both ISO 17021-
1:2015 and ISO 17065:2012 covering all our operational activities. The appointed assessors performing the 
assurance engagement were selected app ropriately bas ed on our internal  qualifications, training a nd 
experience. The verification process is  reviewed by management to en sure that the approach and 
assurance are strictly followed and operated transparentl y. During the verification process, issues were 
raised, and clarificati ons were sought from the management of Sunway REIT relating to the accurac y of 
some of the information contained in the report. In response to the raised findings, the Sustainability Report 
was subsequently reviewed and revised by Sunway REIT.  It is confirmed that change s that have be en 
incorporated into the final version of the report have satisfactorily addressed all issues. Based on the scope 
of the assessment process and evi dence obtained , the f ollowing represents SIR IM QAS Internationa l’s 
opinion: 
• The level of data accuracy included in Sunway REIT Sustainability Report 2023 is fairly stated; 
• The level of disclosure of the specific sustainability performance information presented in the report 
was found to be properly prepared; 
• The pe rsonnel responsible w ere able to  demonstrate the origin(s) a nd interpretation of data 
contained in the report; 
• The sustainability report provides a reasonabl e and balanced presentation of the sustainability 
performance of Sunway REIT. 
 
 

---- Page 107 ----
105
ASSURANCE STATEMENT BY INTERNAL AUDIT DEPARTMENT
ASSURANCE STATEMENTS
Assurance undertaken
In strengthening the credibility of the Sustainability Report, selected indicators of this 
Sustainability Report has been subjected to an internal review by the company’s internal 
auditors and has been approved by the company’s Audit Committee.
Subject matter
All Common Sustainability Matters and accompanying Indicators identified by Bursa for 
FY2023
Scope
The boundary of the internal review includes all Sunway REIT’s properties under the 
Manager’s operational control.
List of Assessors.
1) Ms. Aernida Abdul Kadir : Team Leader
2) Ms. Kamini Sooriamoorthy : Team Member
3) Ms. Farhanah Ahmad Shah : Team Member
4) Ms. Suzalina Kamaralarifin : Team Member
          Statement Prepared by:    Statement Approved by:
         AERNIDA BINTI ABDUL KADIR Ts. MD ADHA BIN RAHMAT
Team Leader
Management System Certification Department
SIRIM QAS International Sdn. Bhd.
Senior General Manager
Management System Certification Department
SIRIM QAS International Sdn. Bhd
Date: 5 February 2024    Date: 9 February 2024   
Note 1:
This Independent Assurance Statement has been issued based on the content verified prior to the approval date. SIRIM QAS International Sdn Bhd 
shall not be responsible for any changes or additions made after the referred date (5 February 2024).


---- Page 108 ----
106
REDUCING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT OF THIS REPORT
Printed with eco ink 
made with higher percentage of vegetable 
oil to reduce the emission of volatile organic 
compounds (VOCs). Contain low levels of 
chemicals, thus reducing environmental 
pollution throughout the printing process.
Paper and printing 
waste is responsibly handled 
through recycling and upcycling materials in 
order to reduce the burden on landfills. 
Printed with 
carbon neutral press machines, 
using eco-materials and managed and 
certified under the 
ISO 14001:2015 
Environmental Management System to 
minimise environmental impact. 
The total carbon footprint for 
one copy of the Sunway REIT 
Sustainability Report 2023  is 
9.32kgCO2e  per book. 
We are committed to reducing the environmental 
impact of our Sustainability Report and will 
continue working to reduce the amount of 
greenhouse gases (GHG) emitted throughout 
the entire design and printing process. 
Eco-design is both a principle 
and an approach. It consists of
integrating environmental 
protection criteria 
over a service or a product’s life cycle. 
Paper sourced from
responsibly managed forests
that provide environmental benefits.  
The cover is printed on FSC® Recycled 
certified 100% 250gsm Life Eco100. The 
inner pages are printed on FSC® Recycled 
certified 100% 115gsm Life Eco100.

---- Page 109 ----
This page has been intentionally left blank.

---- Page 110 ----
This page has been intentionally left blank.

---- Page 111 ----


---- Page 112 ----
110
Sunway REIT Management Sdn. Bhd.
(Registration No. 200801005046) (806330-X)
Manager for Sunway REIT
Level 16, Manara Sunway, Jalan Lagoon Timur, Bandar Sunway, 
47500 Subang Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan , Malaysia
Tel : +603 5639 8889
Fax : +603 5639 0507
Website : www.sunwayreit.com
E-mail : irsunreit@sunway.com.my
Printed on FSC certified paper